Mary Kastner: Morning, Josh.
Morning.
Joshua Reyes: I'm sick. So, don't mind me.
Mary Kastner: How are you sick.
Joshua Reyes: I woke up like two days ago with a sore throat and then yes, we're just a little bit coughing. So I took Roberta's
Joshua Reyes: Sunday. Cool.
Mary Kastner: Did you go to work.
Joshua Reyes: I was off off Sundays and Mondays. So
Joshua Reyes: Oh yeah, that's right. So I had this time just rest of vocal. Oh, good.
Good, good.
Mary Kastner: Sorry, you're sick.
Joshua Reyes: I know I
Mary Kastner: I have a few questions for you.
Mary Kastner: Yes, I'm
All handy here and then all of a sudden, I didn't. So let me get it again.
Mary Kastner: So when do you
Mary Kastner: Go to the Philippines.
Joshua Reyes: Was plus hospice, I was supposed to go.
Joshua Reyes: Last
Joshua Reyes: Last week where obviously you're not my situation. So my grandma's more memorial is on the 27th so
Joshua Reyes: That's it. So we I mean I'm I
Joshua Reyes: Don't know when to go yet because, you know, I just wanted to talk to you for stuff like that.
Mary Kastner: Well, um, I talked to the medical director and he suggests that we put you on liberalism, which is a longer acting benzodiazepine
Mary Kastner: And he gave me the dosage, that would be equivalent to the advantage that you're taking
Mary Kastner: Which would be 25 milligrams three a day.
Joshua Reyes: And
Mary Kastner: Then what how I use the libertarian is different.
Joshua Reyes: I use it for
Mary Kastner: Alcohol withdrawal basically
Joshua Reyes: Do anything
Mary Kastner: Well, it is something
Mary Kastner: That
Mary Kastner: Is so long acting
Mary Kastner: That you don't get the feeling
Mary Kastner: Of instant relief because it takes a while to kick in.
Mary Kastner: Then the other thing that he suggests is that you get into some individual work.
Mary Kastner: With
Mary Kastner: Somebody you can see in the office, not online.
Mary Kastner: So he wants me to issue you a ladder telling you that we're going to, um,
Mary Kastner: Have you not, you know, closer to our services in a month 30 days from today.
Mary Kastner: So that you've got 30 days to find yourself another provider.
Joshua Reyes: Only um
Joshua Reyes: Let me close it out.
Mary Kastner: Yet that your, your service to the behavioral health will no longer you know will close your case.
Mary Kastner: That you need to that you're better served with somebody that you see in person.
Mary Kastner: And you suggest giving you liberate them 25 milligrams three times a day. Until then, we'll order you a week's worth and then you can get
Three refills.
Mary Kastner: very potent medication.
Joshua Reyes: What Dr casner
Joshua Reyes: I want to be honest with you, like, I tried them that did not work at all.
Joshua Reyes: And
Joshua Reyes: And honestly, the way that we're going is I really like how you working with me is where work tapering off.
Mary Kastner: Slow. No, we're not tapering
Mary Kastner: Were tried to taper but you overuse each time.
Mary Kastner: When we did the pill count. You were down 10 from what you should be. So I don't think right now that you're able to taper.
Mary Kastner: Actually
Mary Kastner: Libertarian and or values.
Mary Kastner: Are used to help people taper.
Mary Kastner: Because they're longer acting
Mary Kastner: They stay with you, longer, and they'll stay in your system for weeks.
Mary Kastner: So my questions have to
Mary Kastner: Do with
Mary Kastner: We know that you're taking the sedative hypnotic
Mary Kastner: In a larger amount than then prescribed
Mary Kastner: There is a
Mary Kastner: Are you attempting at all, or do you have a desire to cut down or control that your sedative hypnotic use
Joshua Reyes: Yes.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm
Mary Kastner: A great deal of time is spent in your mind and in your activities in order to obtain this sedative hypnotic
Mary Kastner: Or recovered from its effects. We know that that's true because you call and stay in a virtual clinic and
Mary Kastner: insist upon appointments. When the answer is the same.
Mary Kastner: So I think you're spending a lot of time and and thought in trying to get your sedative hypnotic. Do you have a craving or a strong desire to use the sedative hypnotic
Joshua Reyes: Craving
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: Do you have your use of the said hypnotic results in any kind of failure of you to be able to do your work.
Mary Kastner: Or your home responsibilities.
No.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Despite having persistent or recurrent social or interpersonal problems caused by your use of the sedative hypnotic
Mary Kastner: Or exacerbated by the effects of a sedative agnostic.
Mary Kastner: Like, do you have any problems where you feel intoxicated or you get in physical fights or into difficulty at work.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have important social, occupational recreational activities that are given up or reduce because of your use of it or your inability to get it. No.
Mary Kastner: Do you have
Mary Kastner: You use of it in situations which is physically hazardous for instance driving
Mary Kastner: Is your use.
Mary Kastner: Do you continue to overuse it despite having
Mary Kastner: Persistent physical or psychological problems due to use a bit
Joshua Reyes: What was it
Mary Kastner: You have a craving or need to have this things realistic all the time.
Mary Kastner: And to have a certain amount of it, despite your knowledge of having persistent psychological problems, meaning withdrawal symptoms if you don't get it.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And have you built up a tolerance to where you need more to get the same effect.
Joshua Reyes: No.
Mary Kastner: Need for markedly increased amounts of it.
Mary Kastner: To achieve your effect.
Mary Kastner: Then why are you overusing it
Joshua Reyes: I don't want to call myself very
Joshua Reyes: I don't want to kill myself.
Joshua Reyes: You know, I have so much
Joshua Reyes: tolerance of it is
Joshua Reyes: You know, but as the
Joshua Reyes: As you know that I've been using it for seven years, if I if I want to say if I because I've been using this for seven years. If I have very big tolerance of it. I would be taking
Joshua Reyes: Six or seven or eight to eight to eight milligrams a day if I
Mary Kastner: And how many are you taking now.
Joshua Reyes: Like the past two days because i mean i don't know because I've been sick. The past two days I've been taking
Joshua Reyes: One at 12 O'CLOCK IN THE ONE at six o'clock and fall asleep. So just brings to a day because i mean i don't know because I've been. I've been. Since, but I just get
Mary Kastner: Up and how about before that.
Mary Kastner: Before you been sick.
Joshua Reyes: Before that is
Joshua Reyes: Honestly, run.
Joshua Reyes: The most I've been taking this three year I hadn't even took four in a day. So I don't want to call myself.
Joshua Reyes: I have a big tolerance, because I would take more
Mary Kastner: Than how do you account for the 10 that are missing.
Joshua Reyes: Maybe I've been taking
Joshua Reyes: I don't really count it. Dr. Katzen or maybe I can take maybe a half more day, but I don't. Besides that, I don't feel myself just oh I'm I'm addicted to it. I am slowly tapering off and I'm really, really.
Worth a year.
Mary Kastner: Cars. Are you ready to you're at three, sometimes three and a half a day except when you're sick, you
Joshua Reyes: Know not never been a half, maybe three in one one court so but never three now.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you think is giving you the same effect it had previously.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Do you get any withdrawal from it.
Joshua Reyes: Yes, I do. Sometimes I'm so that's it feel like mine, hey, my hands are shaking. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So I would
Mary Kastner: That would be a better reason to take a longer acting one
Mary Kastner: So then you would take one when you start feeling that way. Is that correct,
Joshua Reyes: So once I once I kind of like, feel like that. And then once I like to, like, Oh my God, I feel like I'm having a panic attack and not take one milligram out of there and then
Mary Kastner: So it just seems to me like sometimes that withdraw is confused a little bit with the panic.
Mary Kastner: So right now, from from this little survey that we did you have a sedative hypnotic gangs you elliptic use disorder, it is actually severe and that would be your diagnosis that will put down
Mary Kastner: That's three or 4.10 parentheses F1 3.20
Mary Kastner: And so that's all the more reason
Mary Kastner: To give you a longer acting benzodiazepine and in order to really work on
Mary Kastner: Helping you taper. You really need to be in an office face to face with somebody as our. This is our the BHA recommendation.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: You're going to be receiving a letter.
Mary Kastner: That tells you that in third within 30 days, you need to find yourself a new provider. So I can give you either the value or the live room. If you don't want the live room.
Mary Kastner: For a week with three refills until you find somebody
Joshua Reyes: Sorry, I can't stick with you or
Mary Kastner: Know, you'll be discharged from the bright heart health platform, you need to go into an office. This is all online service.
Joshua Reyes: So who recommended this
Mary Kastner: Medical Director bright heart health.
Joshua Reyes: So, I mean, I don't know where else
Joshua Reyes: To go
Mary Kastner: Well, where do you live, pin. Oh.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I'll ask my care coordinator if she has some
Mary Kastner: A list of providers. You can also go into the
Mary Kastner: APA American Psychiatric Association and they will look for
Mary Kastner: They will, they can give you a list of people in your area.
Joshua Reyes: Said that you didn't give me the weeks where you are a nother. So how's How's my trip to know works. Yeah, that's, that's my thing.
Mary Kastner: Well, you still have some leftover correct
Mary Kastner: Here, Adam, and how many do you have
Leftover
Joshua Reyes: 30 something
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you have those. And then you can get your pickup your libertarian or your volume, which do you prefer liberal
Joshua Reyes: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to put that prescription in right now.
Mary Kastner: And I think it is a really good idea to be on a longer acting one
Mary Kastner: The half life of these are
Mary Kastner: Diane's pants half light is 22 actually 200 hours.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: For a little bream five to 200 and for your enterprise a lamb, not your present your
Mary Kastner: Advantage just tend to 26. You can see this will carry you through longer periods of time.
Joshua Reyes: The same effect or
Mary Kastner: Yeah, they're both in the same class.
Mary Kastner: And if you have any questions, you could always call back in and
Joshua Reyes: And ask to talk to a program
Director
Mary Kastner: Okay, Josh, I wish you the best keep working on trying to get off this stuff and keep working on the therapy that you need to handle your
Mary Kastner: Anxiety.
Joshua Reyes: So how am I, how am I taking this
Mary Kastner: Three times a day.
Joshua Reyes: And what's the milligrams
Mary Kastner: And milligram milligrams
Joshua Reyes: So 10 milligrams three times a day.
Joshua Reyes: 10 milligrams three times a day.
Joshua Reyes: So that's 30 milligrams
Yes.
Joshua Reyes: And what's the quantity. So like I could just let the walking
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's 21 with three refills.
Mary Kastner: Electronically from me.
Mary Kastner: Josh Good luck on your visit. I'm sorry for your loss.
Joshua Reyes: Thank you and just hang
In there.
Joshua Reyes: So one more thing. So when I pick it up or how am I gonna do, because you're a no. I'm going to. So, for
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you would have to probably discuss that with the pharmacist show her your, your tickets asked her, she can mail them or you can pick them up at that time.
Joshua Reyes: For for refills.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Yeah. You have to discuss that, and see how they handle that when people are traveling
Joshua Reyes: The only say that they would go, you would have to call them.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and I can't do anything more than this, according to the instructions I have from our director
Mary Kastner: Okay, my dear.
Mary Kastner: God bless. Huh. Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um, for his mental status, he's sick, he's laying in bed design time actually early for the appointment.
Mary Kastner: He is still independent and function oriented, place and circumstance and mood and normal
Mary Kastner: Because, well, I would say.
Mary Kastner: You did you me mood mood is muted because of his physical illness effect is pretty flat.
Mary Kastner: Peers, a state of age well groomed. He was actually in bed, not welcome just laying in bed, you could hear his daughter in the background speech.
Mary Kastner: weight and volume was actually slow and soft and low thought process appropriate no hallucinations and delusions insight and self reflection on today's issue.
Mary Kastner: Noted is adequate.
Mary Kastner: So my assessment is
Mary Kastner: He still taught low suicide risk diagnosis has changed to set it if if not against the elliptic use disorder severe that's three or 4.10 parentheses F1 3.20
Mary Kastner: Objective is to
Mary Kastner: Help him seek in office.
Mary Kastner: Physician services to assist him in his desire to wean off of the NZ Olympics per
Mary Kastner: Advice from consultation with the medical director of BH we have changed his medication to value them a much longer acting benzodiazepine
Mary Kastner: 10 milligrams T IDs given three refills, he will receive a letter that explains that you will be discharged within a month from the HH, and he's to seek in office psychiatric care. I gave him a referral to the American Psychiatric Association.
Mary Kastner: And I don't have another appointment plant. Okay, thank you very much. I'm gonna pause the recording.
Mary Kastner: Nevermind. I'm not. We have the new patient here to admit
Mary Kastner: Hello, good morning.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Good morning.
Curtisha’s iPhone: How are you fine. How you doing,
Mary Kastner: I'm Mary Kastner and this is Tisha Anderson, is that correct
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Mr. In 3344. Have you ever done.
Mary Kastner: Medical Services on a
Mary Kastner: You know, Woody call it
Curtisha’s iPhone: Computer. Oh.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Well, I am a psychiatric nurse practitioner.
Mary Kastner: And sorry, you could only see part of me there for a minute.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to be sort of talking sometimes into the computer because we have somebody that's recording and we'll be transcribing. And if I do it in front of you, then you kind of correct me if I'm wrong.
Mary Kastner: On anything. Okay, so what are we doing for you today.
Curtisha’s iPhone: This a mental health treatment.
Mary Kastner: You want mental health treatment. Okay. Okay. Um, what are your symptoms.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I can't sleep and then I'll be here and and same thing I've been shot in the foot in the face. So I've been hearing and seeing things and I can't sleep like that. I can't sleep at all.
So,
Mary Kastner: What do you mean shot in the face.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I've been shot with a with a gun somebody shot me, whether it's
Mary Kastner: For real.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay, so some trauma.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, are you kind of rehashing that while you sleep.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Wow.
Mary Kastner: Where, where's your wound
Curtisha’s iPhone: I've got shot in the foot and in the face.
Mary Kastner: I guess I don't see it on your face.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No, it's it's it's better now.
Mary Kastner: Better now. Okay. When did that happen.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Well, like about a couple years ago.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So have you had insomnia. Since that time,
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes.
Oh my god.
Mary Kastner: So, what time do you get in bed at night.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Or getting pretty early, probably, like, eight o'clock.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then, what time do you find you fall asleep.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I don't know, it takes me a long time to fall asleep. I really don't fall asleep, like that. It really just be
Curtisha’s iPhone: Probably a fall asleep. Probably be like about it in mind our team.
Mary Kastner: So might take you two hours.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay, Dan, when I fall asleep. I'll be right back. Like, I can hear everything that's going on.
Mary Kastner: So how long does that last that you actually fall asleep.
Curtisha’s iPhone: While why like an hour.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then you're up.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, then do try to get back to sleep again.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, I'd go back to sleep for a minute, did not be right back like this been going on for a long time.
Mary Kastner: So you actually get up by that you mean you get out of bed.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, just be
Curtisha’s iPhone: Happy to find something to do
Mary Kastner: Okay, I just the good video came up. So then you'll go back down. How long will it take you to get to sleep again.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I like the hour.
Mary Kastner: Same. Same time. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and then how long you think you'll sleep again.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Why the same thing.
Mary Kastner: So you don't think that you ever get more than one hour of continuous non waking up sleep.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. And this has been going on since you got shot two years ago. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay you answer some questions about depression on a survey and your pH q nine results were 22 which indicates severe
Mary Kastner: They did a audit. See, which has to do with drinking alcohol, which was zero, you don't use alcohol.
Mary Kastner: And they did a desk 10 score of nine. And that was mainly quote other drugs that you have tried opiates.
Curtisha’s iPhone: And tranquilizers. Yes.
Mary Kastner: Is that correct. Okay. And you don't want treatment for that at all. You just want the mental health treatment. Yes. Okay. Can you tell me what kind of opiates you're using
Curtisha’s iPhone: I just take Narcos because for my shop for my my shot and say,
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how many Norco a day do you think
Curtisha’s iPhone: I'm gonna knock on the data that's a family like about
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And do you know if they're five or 10 milligrams
10 ok
Mary Kastner: And then do you use kind of sedatives tranquilizers like value Klonopin Xanax
Mary Kastner: Now, man. Any sedative anything. It'll help you
Curtisha’s iPhone: Calm down.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, values, help me calm down. I'll have to buy them off the streets down
Mary Kastner: Okay. And do you know what the doses on that.
Curtisha’s iPhone: They'd be like, team.
Mary Kastner: And do you think you use those daily
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes, because they they help, they help me sleep and help me relax. They helped me down. Think about
Mary Kastner: What happened. Okay, so how many
Day. Do you think
Curtisha’s iPhone: I probably take about five a day.
Mary Kastner: And then the north coast, you're getting prescription for
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. And then you're smoking.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No smoking cigarettes. Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how many a day do you think
Curtisha’s iPhone: Why like seeing. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then marijuana
Curtisha’s iPhone: Marijuana apply smoke a joint a day just relax my my nerves and stuff was happy so nervous.
Mary Kastner: And then are you want any other medication that we did is prescribed or that you get off the street.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No, no, no.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Nothing, no.
Mary Kastner: Have you tried anything
Curtisha’s iPhone: No.
Mary Kastner: You really haven't tried anything for your PTSD.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No, just value. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then it said that you have some allergies to drugs, any kind of medicines food.
Robots
Mary Kastner: Robots any other allergies.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Tesla, but I think that's the things like, well, that doesn't
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Test the law burrows.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah pearls. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: And then are you seeing a provider any kind of mental health provider.
Mary Kastner: No. No. Have you been in therapy at all.
Curtisha’s iPhone: A long time ago.
Mary Kastner: Is that would think you would get victims with a
Mary Kastner: There's a
Mary Kastner: I forget what they call but when you're a victim of the crime they will refer you to a therapist for therapy.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah I did that I did that a minute ago archives. And when I had Kaiser, I was on a car.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you got some therapy at Kaiser
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So you know how long ago that was a
Curtisha’s iPhone: Couple years ago.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And the symptoms are the same. They haven't changed.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. And it seems like you're having some headaches and back pain. Is that correct,
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, I have had a in my back be hard to, I don't know if it's the way I drive our way.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. So what's your pain level now 10 being the worst you've ever had.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Right now, it's probably like about a fly.
Mary Kastner: In is that mainly in your back or is it in your foot.
Mary Kastner: Or your head.
Curtisha’s iPhone: This is my foot in my back right now.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then what about the headaches. How often are you having headaches.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I don't have one today but I be having them like every other day. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And where are they in your head.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Like in the middle.
Mary Kastner: Middle of the forehead. Okay. And do you have any fever, any kind of medical problem right now where you're not feeling good.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay, so how is your mood today.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I'm kind of like up and down like I'm not doing too good.
Mary Kastner: Not too good. Okay, so are you depressed.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And so 10 being the worst depression. You ever had. Where would you put your depression.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Like the
Curtisha’s iPhone: Eight.
Mary Kastner: Are you anxious
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, be like, anxious, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay and 10 being the worst anxiety, you've ever had. Where would you put that
Curtisha’s iPhone: My anxiety, a
Mary Kastner: What do you do when you get depressed and anxious
Curtisha’s iPhone: I just got to sit down and watch TV.
Mary Kastner: Kind of distract yourself.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, wasn't intended to do.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: Do you feel like people could be coming up behind you to feel a little bit on guard like you have to kind of watch behind your
Curtisha’s iPhone: Back. Yeah. That's why the house. Most of the time, I don't really go out like that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, so make or phobia and
Mary Kastner: feeling of being on guard and
Mary Kastner: Ease do you kind of start all easily
Yes.
Mary Kastner: And you're kind of watchful
Mary Kastner: Around. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have nightmares.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, can you can you tell me about him.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Um, I had nightmares. Because when I had that shot my baby daddy that killed so I'll be having my mind me as my baby daddy like coming to get me I have like dreams I hear him in all types of stuff.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Is that possible.
Curtisha’s iPhone: What
Mary Kastner: Is he around. Could he come get you.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Know he's deceased.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: But you have nightmares about it.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. How old are your children.
Curtisha’s iPhone: My daughter is 18
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you have any other children.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And who do you live with.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Us, they will, my friend. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how's that relationship.
Curtisha’s iPhone: This. All right. All right.
Mary Kastner: So it's just you in that person.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes. Okay. Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: So there's some medication options that we can try. I gotta tell you that
Mary Kastner: The best treatment of courses therapy for PTSD. I think that's what you're suffering from and the other issue is, nothing's going to work that well until we get those pain receptors in your brain kind of calm.
Mary Kastner: Right now, you know, using the Norco about 100 milligrams a day.
Mary Kastner: Is nominal amount. And basically, I don't know if you've felt it. But sometimes you you need more to get the same effect.
Mary Kastner: I bet you when you started using our call you were not at 10 a day.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No.
Mary Kastner: No. So, pretty soon you know they're saying, Okay, this isn't doing it for me anymore. I think you need to get more and it's going to keep going.
Mary Kastner: Until you know
Mary Kastner: You don't wake up.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Curtisha’s iPhone: So,
Mary Kastner: I think for you to think about
Mary Kastner: Getting into treatment for that and getting on some kind of medication that will keep you from having that happen.
Mary Kastner: Okay, might be advisable that you get into
Mary Kastner: What we call opiate use disorder treatment and there is medication assisted treatment as well as therapy for that.
Mary Kastner: Until you reach that decision.
Mary Kastner: You know, I'm happy to give you something that might help you, you know, sleep better, and not be so
Mary Kastner: What we call fight or flight.
Mary Kastner: Do you know what I mean by that.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, the fight.
Mary Kastner: Fight or flight response. It's sort of like having your adrenaline up all the time.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: And so what happens in is all this
Mary Kastner: Blood and nourishment goes to those organs that will help you run
Curtisha’s iPhone: And
Mary Kastner: Be alert, you know, they go to your vision.
Mary Kastner: They go to your, your muscle. So you can run and so guess what they're not going to your stomach.
Mary Kastner: And helping you with your digestion and not going necessarily to your heart and lungs are not going to your brain.
Mary Kastner: And so all those things get sacrificed because your muscles are already ready to go. And you're hyper vigilant and ready to go.
Mary Kastner: Well, of course, that's not a relaxed feeling
Mary Kastner: Right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so you're trying to mimic that relaxed feeling with opiates and volume.
Mary Kastner: Volume is very long acting. It'll be a long time for you to get off of that. And it's very difficult.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm telling you, you're going to go from three a day to for a day to five a day to six each skin is not going to stop because you get a tolerance built up. It's not the treatment. It's a bandaid
Mary Kastner: So just think about that. I'm not pushing you, because I I hear that you're not here for treatment of those
Mary Kastner: Those issues you're here for
Mary Kastner: Your sleep and your energy and
Mary Kastner: Anxiety and depression.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: But I'd like to scare you. That way when you ready
Curtisha’s iPhone: OK.
Mary Kastner: OK, so today.
Mary Kastner: I just have to finish your intake. If you can bear with me on that.
Mary Kastner: So, um, do you have any withdrawal symptoms ever
Curtisha’s iPhone: No, not right now.
Mary Kastner: But you know what I'm talking about.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes, that's what. Yeah. Good stuff. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that has happened to you.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Yes. How often has that happened.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Happened like about four or five times.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever overdosed.
Curtisha’s iPhone: What
Mary Kastner: What happened.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I just wanted a hospital.
Mary Kastner: Did somebody notice it and take it to the hospital.
Yeah.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have a an R can kit.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And tell you what, even if you do make that decision. You should have one
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to order you
One.
Mary Kastner: You go to CVS on Meeker Avenue.
Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: When you pick it up, get the pharmacist to show you how to use it and then you teach whoever sees you the most how to use it.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So, um, do you ever hear things or see things
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, tell me a little bit.
Mary Kastner: About that.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Look, I'll be here. My baby daddy and seeing him.
Curtisha’s iPhone: In my joins us though.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: How do you spell your name.
Mary Kastner: Oh, I see it right here.
Mary Kastner: Um, do you realize that it's not real, or do you really think it's real. When you hear it are
Curtisha’s iPhone: You thinking this real when I hear
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any other times you see or hear things that are not your baby daddy.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So as far as milestones exam. Do you know today's date.
Curtisha’s iPhone: At
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And can you get into the shower yourself every day and get get your
Mary Kastner: Clothes on and get, you know, ready for the day yourself.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Or do you need some assistance.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Well i can i can get dressed on my own. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you, do you feel like showering every day.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No, not really.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. So it's kind of a struggle.
Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm getting this on our can kit in for you what it is a nasal spray
Mary Kastner: But of course, if you overdose and you're out.
Mary Kastner: Somebody else has to know how to use it.
Mary Kastner: So that's why I want you to teach that wherever that is um so anyway. Do you ever have any trouble with your memory.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, I saw for me to remember that.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Okay, do you, um, do you have any trouble focusing and concentrating so like if you're watching TV, you can focus on the story, or if you go to a movie, you can
Yeah.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. You ever read a book.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so she is oriented person, place, no evidence of memory loss shorter long term attention concentration pure do not appear confident compromise. She's anxious and depressed with F flat FX peers have stated age normal grooming. That's interesting. You have
Mary Kastner: Like a mushroom head on.
Mary Kastner: Your speech rate and Vine coherent normal thought process appropriate for agent development with content logical non tangential know she has an
Mary Kastner: Illusion illusions of seeing her baby's father and hearing his voice, but no over psychotic process insight and self reflection on today's issues are adequate. Do you know what your pulses. Do you know how to get your pulse.
Know,
Mary Kastner: So if you put your hand up on your thumb side and kind of put two fingers down on that risk area, you should be able to feel your pulse.
Mary Kastner: Tell me when you feel it and then I'll, I'll start a stopwatch and start
Feeling
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you start counting when I tell you, and then I'll stop when I tell you where you
Mary Kastner: Okay, start
Curtisha’s iPhone: 123 or 56789 1011 1213 1415 1617 1819 2021 2220 320-425-2620 728-930-3132 3334
Star.
Mary Kastner: Okay super. So I got about 68 if you double that. I'm so no withdrawal today.
Mary Kastner: Would you agree with me on that.
Yes.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And I would just want to
Mary Kastner: Get some medical information as far as your medical status.
Mary Kastner: Do you ever where we shot in the head.
Curtisha’s iPhone: And my face on the side of my face.
Mary Kastner: Side of your face. Okay. Did you actually lose consciousness.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, loaded. Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever had any other head injuries. Besides that, I mean,
Mary Kastner: That's enough. Believe me.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Have you ever had a seizure.
No.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your vision.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your hearing.
Mary Kastner: And any trouble with your nose or sinuses throat to
Know,
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: When's the last time you were at a dentist.
Curtisha’s iPhone: dentist appointment in in March, I think.
Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: You have all your own teeth.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Reason why I'm asking is that with the use of the opiates, you know, you can have some demonization of the bone structure in your mouth.
Mary Kastner: So make sure you're brushing your teeth and your flossing.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Ever had any trouble with your heart.
No.
Mary Kastner: No, high blood pressure, no murmur no a rhythmic
Mary Kastner: Okay, and each of your lungs trouble with asthma frequent pneumonia.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you travel with your stomach.
Know,
Mary Kastner: Constipation
Mary Kastner: That's another issue with opioids, you can get constipated pretty easily. So the on top of that, because that can lead to bowel obstruction.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever used other kinds of
Mary Kastner: Opiates like heroin or anything that you'd use with a needle.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your gallbladder your liver.
Know,
Mary Kastner: Frequent upset stomach or GERD.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Know where you
Mary Kastner: Heartburn okay trouble with
Mary Kastner: Your urine having frequent urinary tract infections or
Mary Kastner: More that in any way any trouble with your female organs.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you had how many pregnancies. Have you had
One.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you abortions.
Mary Kastner: Abortions one okay and any miscarriages.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so two pregnancies one abortion one life birth.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes, correct.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, are you using birth control now.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what kind of birth control.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I use def OSHA
Mary Kastner: Oh, you have a demo. Okay, so that's a medication. Make sure you tell people
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay. In each other with your bones, muscles.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your skin.
Know,
Mary Kastner: And you've never been diagnosed with severe headaches or migraines, you have this every other day sort of sinus headache in the middle of your forehead. Okay. Ever been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression, schizophrenia suicide.
Mary Kastner: No attempt
Mary Kastner: Ever had thoughts to hurt yourself.
Or
Mary Kastner: hurt anybody else.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. History of STDs HIV, tuberculosis, Titus, any kind of infection.
Mary Kastner: History of cancer, diabetes, thyroid or anemia.
Mary Kastner: In school, did you ever get it diagnosed with attention deficit disorder.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you have back pain.
Mary Kastner: How do you, how would you say your diet is
Curtisha’s iPhone: My diet and
Mary Kastner: Who does the cooking.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Aka for myself, my child. Okay.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you think you're getting enough protein vegetables, fruits
Yes.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you have your using tobacco but 10 cigarettes a day you've had some trauma ANY OTHER TRAUMA, besides the gunshots, have you
Mary Kastner: Know been victim of any other kind of trauma.
Curtisha’s iPhone: No.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever been diagnosed with sleep apnea. That's an idea to that.
Mary Kastner: Know ever wake up coughing and choking.
No.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, nobody, no. Never been diagnosed with low blood sugar or high blood sugar.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we've taken care of that.
Mary Kastner: How many surgeries. Have you had
No.
Mary Kastner: No surgeries.
Mary Kastner: And so to get the gunshot. Did they have to go in and get the bullet out or
Curtisha’s iPhone: A graze me get a graze my shoe.
Mary Kastner: OK.
OK.
Mary Kastner: And then family history do you have
Mary Kastner: Either one of your parents have any medical concerns.
Know,
Curtisha’s iPhone: The alive now. My mom is. She had, she had breast cancer. So she died.
Mary Kastner: Okay brisket. Okay, how about her parents
Curtisha’s iPhone: Your grandma, my grandma is alive.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and your grandfather
He's deceased.
Mary Kastner: And what did he die from
Curtisha’s iPhone: Just seek
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Just say, I don't know.
Mary Kastner: You don't know. Okay.
Mary Kastner: How about your father.
Curtisha’s iPhone: My father is alive.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no medical problems.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. And his parents.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Oh, no, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any cousins aunts and uncles.
Mary Kastner: That you know have yeah
Mary Kastner: And do they have any
medical concerns.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any substance use, or psychiatric problems in any of those people
Mary Kastner: No. Okay, and how about your daughter. She healthy
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, substance use.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Problem. No. No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And as far as your, your social history. Where were you born and raised.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I was born and raised in Richmond, California.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and by your parents. Yes.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: You finished high school
Yes.
Mary Kastner: And did you get any training after high school
No.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you work.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Know,
Mary Kastner: What is your source of income.
Curtisha’s iPhone: I don't get method right now.
That's hard.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: You think you're getting enough exercise.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah, okay.
And
Mary Kastner: Do you have a fire.
Mary Kastner: What do you call it smoke detector in your home.
Mary Kastner: Yes. And do you have any firearms access to firearms.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Know,
Mary Kastner: And when you're in a car, geez seatbelt.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: So what I'm gonna suggest is some Zoloft, if you're interested in another medication that we could get started today. I think the diagnosis is post traumatic stress disorder.
Mary Kastner: You have
Mary Kastner: Some egg or phobia, meaning you staying in all the time because of the trauma it feeling on guard you have an opioid dependence with the prescription
Mary Kastner: Narcos and
Mary Kastner: Some sedative hypnotic
Mary Kastner: Dependence
Mary Kastner: I would like to see us be able to get you down a little bit, especially in the Valium.
Mary Kastner: So that maybe this Zoloft would take the place and help you feel a bit more calm.
Mary Kastner: How tall are you, pretty sure
Curtisha’s iPhone: By four
Mary Kastner: And how much do you weigh
Curtisha’s iPhone: Like 150
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have an appetite.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yes, happy. Yes, yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. So I think the Zoloft might be the better. I was thinking of another one. But it could increase your appetite a little bit too much, but it definitely would help you sleep. It's called the grammar on
Curtisha’s iPhone: Remo make me eat a lot though. Right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: Oh, so you don't want that. Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what do you think of this OH last
Curtisha’s iPhone: I just tried it so long.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey.
Mary Kastner: So what you would do is take a one for a week in the morning and then the next week, you would take one and a half.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Now critique Asia, we have groups on Monday evening.
Mary Kastner: The four o'clock group is for people that have a substance issue.
Mary Kastner: And the seven o'clock grouper for mental health patients suffering from various things you're welcome to come to any of those. I'm actually going to be on vacation till the ninth.
Mary Kastner: So of March, I would hope that you could call back in
Mary Kastner: And get an appointment with me that morning, so I can see how this is working for you.
Mary Kastner: And we could talk further about
Mary Kastner: The next step. If you've got any more about it.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Now I'm
Mary Kastner: Sometimes this medication will help you with your energy.
Mary Kastner: So I would take it in the morning.
Mary Kastner: If it kind of stabilizes some of this know chemical disturbance in your brain. It might help you sleep a little bit better.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: If not,
Mary Kastner: It could make it too sleepy.
Mary Kastner: And then you'd want to move it to the evening.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Some people have improved libido.
Mary Kastner: On it and some people have some difficulty with it. So watch that and let me know.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: We can do we can do something about that.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I have got that pretty in for you. It was nice to meet you today.
Mary Kastner: Nice to meet you too. And you can call back in and make that a march night morning appointment for return medication visit
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And try to cut down a little on your volume while you're
Mary Kastner: trying this new medicine so we can see what's helping
Curtisha’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you take care
Curtisha’s iPhone: Thank you, you too.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Curtisha’s iPhone: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, um, her diagnosis is post traumatic stress disorder.
Mary Kastner: I'm complicated right now opioid dependence.
Mary Kastner: With
Mary Kastner: sedative hypnotic
Mary Kastner: Dependence
Mary Kastner: suicide risk assessment is low.
Mary Kastner: She, her primary concern is her sleep right now she is in the pre contemplation for
Mary Kastner: lowering her opioid and
Mary Kastner: sedative use
Mary Kastner: I would like to see your back on March 9 I will discuss maybe getting some labs and hopefully edge towards treatment for her substance dependence.
Mary Kastner: And going to pause the recording waiting for the next patient.
Mary Kastner: I ordered sertraline 100 milligrams in the morning for one week increased to 150 thereafter, and a narcotic can rescue kit. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Dan a psychiatric visit or any kind of medical visit on the on the computer.
Brandon Smith: One person. This is my second one ever first
Mary Kastner: Great, great. Well, we'll walk through this. Um, I'll talk a little bit sometimes as if I'm talking to the air. But I want to talk to our transcriber because this is recorded, and she transcribed and then if I can tell her some things in front of you, you can
Mary Kastner: Correct me if I'm wrong.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: This is brandon smith Mr in 3387 and we're starting at about nine, I would say 906 I'm so Brandon. What can I do for you today.
Brandon Smith: This is all
Brandon Smith: This is all in regard to Suboxone prescription and trying to continue using Suboxone that was prescribed I guess at a marine general hospital day before yesterday.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you've only been on it two days.
Brandon Smith: No, I took my first dose at the hospital and I did not take any yesterday.
Brandon Smith: Because I wasn't sitting home with me. So that's why I have an early appointment today.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Two days ago.
Mary Kastner: And none yesterday.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Yesterday. Are you feeling any sense of withdrawal.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I am okay
Mary Kastner: Um, tell me a little bit about what led
Mary Kastner: Up to marine General and the Suboxone
Brandon Smith: Uh, well, let's see.
Brandon Smith: I had been smoking HEROIN FOR
Brandon Smith: Over a year.
Brandon Smith: You know, life went downhill pretty quickly, which led to me, you know, calling some friends and family for help. And so I went to a detox facility for six nights.
Brandon Smith: I'm now living in a sober living house with a other men, trying to do the same thing that I am
Brandon Smith: Going to meetings have a sponsor.
Brandon Smith: But I'm just having a harder time, this time around. Now that I'm in my 30s AND I'M NOT 25 which was my first kind of stint of sobriety. Right. You know, it's able to put over a year together. But, uh,
Brandon Smith: I just feel like I could, you know, use the help of, you know,
Brandon Smith: Just transitioning. This time around with Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So this time around.
Mary Kastner: Meaning you have had other detoxes or other treatment.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, when I always 25
Brandon Smith: Yeah, that back in 2013 2014
Brandon Smith: I was also in a couple of different sober living homes and was going to a had a sponsor and
Brandon Smith: Was working the steps and it was a successful for a period of time and I ended up moving away because I met someone and I stopped going to meetings and all that. And, you know, kind of gotten back to my old habits there and things ended up
Brandon Smith: And they lead to the same place, I guess.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Not so good. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So when we're not so good. Yeah, first use heroin.
Or
Mary Kastner: Any kind of opiates.
How old were you
Brandon Smith: I was in high school, so I say probably 16
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what did you use then
Brandon Smith: I think the first thing I ever used as hydrocodone but that quickly turned into fentanyl because I didn't know that was at the time that was before it was in the news.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: Have you been using since you were
Mary Kastner: 16 some sort
Brandon Smith: Of opiate
Brandon Smith: I'd safe to say, yeah.
Brandon Smith: Almost anything I could get my hands on, really, you know, not picky but opioids are my first choice, I'd say.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how many times have you been in a detox in
Brandon Smith: A once in 2013 I was in an in treatment facility for 28 days.
Brandon Smith: And then
Brandon Smith: Oil almost a month ago I was in hell and Vine here in San or fill that was for six nights.
Brandon Smith: Okay, that was impatient, but there's no yeah the 28 day one was expensive, so I didn't get that. The second time around.
Mary Kastner: Okay, in any other residential
Brandon Smith: Know, just those two
Brandon Smith: No.
Okey dokey.
Mary Kastner: So when did you start using heroin.
Brandon Smith: I experimented a little in high school with it here and there, but it wasn't till
Brandon Smith: Probably earlier in the year 2013 that I really dove in was using needles and things like that.
Brandon Smith: And then I stopped until about a year ago and I was smoking it I didn't go back to needles. This time around, thankfully.
Mary Kastner: So how long we're halfway
Brandon Smith: Not super long my life went downhill so quickly when I started doing that. I only made it probably less than two months.
Brandon Smith: And what do you mean by downhill and then
Brandon Smith: It was so noticeable that, you know, I wasn't eating.
Brandon Smith: And I just, I look so terrible that
Brandon Smith: My work and family had an intervention for me.
Okay.
Brandon Smith: Wonderful stop participating in
Mary Kastner: Yeah, wonderful family in the work to do that. That's fantastic.
Brandon Smith: Have you ever overdosed. Yeah.
Brandon Smith: I'm lucky I have not
Mary Kastner: What happened when you overdose.
Brandon Smith: I've never overdosed.
Mary Kastner: Oh, you've never overdose. Okay.
Brandon Smith: Do you have an arcane kit.
Brandon Smith: I don't personally, but I believe we do in this house somewhere.
Mary Kastner: Okay, well I'm gonna order you one. Do you know how to use it.
Brandon Smith: I've never used one okay I'm
Mary Kastner: Going to ask the pharmacist.
Mary Kastner: If, if they would please teach you how to use it and then you teach somebody that sees you.
Brandon Smith: More often
Brandon Smith: It's a
Brandon Smith: It's a nasal. I think that's a good idea.
Mary Kastner: Nasal spray
Brandon Smith: Okay, okay, because
Mary Kastner: Once you're off of
The
Mary Kastner: The opiate
Mary Kastner: And you're on Suboxone or even just off of it. Newly off of it. You're more at risk.
Brandon Smith: Right.
Mary Kastner: Overdose so you really have to
Mary Kastner: Have one
Brandon Smith: So I have a lot of friends. That's happened to
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. And you can save a life.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So getting back
Mary Kastner: To the opioid to what you do go to
Brandon Smith: Um, I don't have one in particular, but the one I plan on going to is very close to the house is the Walgreens on Third Street here in Santa fell
Mary Kastner: And what's the zip code and
Mary Kastner: In that area.
Brandon Smith: I believe it is
Brandon Smith: It's either 9491 or 94903 okay
Brandon Smith: You say it's on third.
Mary Kastner: Street. I have one on correct
Brandon Smith: north gate.
Mary Kastner: Try one on 194901
Mary Kastner: Third Street. Okay, got
It.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so it's
going there.
Mary Kastner: Any other drugs that you might be using any amphetamines methamphetamine cocaine.
Brandon Smith: I've used methamphetamine. In the past, but you know
Brandon Smith: Not recently.
Mary Kastner: Once your last dose of the
Heroin
Brandon Smith: Heroin my sobriety date with everything is January 21 of this year.
Mary Kastner: So what
Mary Kastner: took you to the emergency room.
Brandon Smith: I couldn't stop vomiting and I yeah marine general I've been vomiting. I couldn't keep food down. I've been losing weight and
Brandon Smith: That's what led me to you were in general.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so no use.
Mary Kastner: Since
Mary Kastner: January 21
Mary Kastner: That you were just mid February in the hospital with the withdraw.
Brandon Smith: Connection got kind of weird. I think it's correct to know you. Since the 21st. I didn't hear what you said. After that,
Mary Kastner: Do you know today's date.
Brandon Smith: I believe it's the 18th or 19th
Mary Kastner: So it's about a month since you've used anything but you were in. We're in general, you said
Mary Kastner: A few days ago.
Brandon Smith: With withdraw.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, well it's it's just been harder because of my stomach issues I've been
Brandon Smith: Thinking about using me cuz I know it will make me feel better. So that's kind of issue than having
Mary Kastner: Having some savings right now.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Definitely. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So again, you're going to maintain that your last us was the 21st of January.
Brandon Smith: That's correct. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm just gonna take a look
Mary Kastner: And see what your withdraw level is right now.
Mary Kastner: Going to get into my calendar and this does not want to work for me.
Mary Kastner: So I think we have more time.
Mary Kastner: Is what I'm trying to find out.
Mary Kastner: Why doesn't this one work which is weird.
Mary Kastner: I'll have to go out and come back in.
Mary Kastner: Um, so I see your, your pupils are quite dilated, could you know how to take your pulse.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, if you can count to 15, I can tell you my pulse.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you feel your pulse and I'll
Brandon Smith: Guard for me.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'll tell you when to start and when to stop, if you will.
Mary Kastner: Tell me when you're ready.
Mary Kastner: Tell me, do you have your posts.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Okay, start
Mary Kastner: Stop.
Mary Kastner: 39
Mary Kastner: Okay so 78 is your pulse.
Mary Kastner: And your peoples are quite dilated
Mary Kastner: Do you have any sweating going on.
Brandon Smith: You feeling
Mary Kastner: A little yells
Brandon Smith: A little sweating. Okay, you
Mary Kastner: Feeling any cold chills.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, usually cold all the time.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any feeling of restlessness like you can't sit still.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, mostly in my legs. I have trouble sleeping, too.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any Boehner joint pain.
Brandon Smith: Yeah definitely feeling my age.
Mary Kastner: In 10 being the most pain you've ever had. Where would you rate your pain.
Brandon Smith: probably six or seven
Okay.
Mary Kastner: When he knows it all.
Mary Kastner: I asked that question.
Mary Kastner: A lot
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Any upset stomach.
Brandon Smith: Definitely though ones tend to entertain.
Mary Kastner: Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea,
Brandon Smith: Yes to all those
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Can you put your hands out in front of you. So I can see your hands.
Brandon Smith: Can
Brandon Smith: Get one at a time. Well, much
Any tremor.
Mary Kastner: Straight out, put your finger out
Brandon Smith: Oh, I see.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: No tremor. Okay.
Brandon Smith: Any goose.
Bumps
Mary Kastner: goosebumps.
Brandon Smith: Yeah definitely get your response.
Mary Kastner: You have any right now.
Brandon Smith: No, I'm by a lot of qualified right
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So your cows are you withdraw scale score is 11
Brandon Smith: Is that how to 10
Mary Kastner: No, I think it's out of about 30
Brandon Smith: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we're going to continue with our
Mary Kastner: With our intake. He had a pre band score recognition of the problem is high 34 ambivalence nine score is 19 which is very high. You're taking steps.
Mary Kastner: With 30 score.
Mary Kastner: Score of 36 which is high risk level is 12 protective levels 14
Mary Kastner: You described your
Mary Kastner: Health is physically
Mary Kastner: Poor would
Mary Kastner: What do you mean by that.
Brandon Smith: Just because of all the vomiting and
Brandon Smith: stomach issues I've been having lately. I haven't mailed to keep food down. So I've been pretty exhausted. I have trouble getting out of bed showering.
Brandon Smith: Is participating in my program and with the house.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Trouble with self care.
Brandon Smith: Yes.
Mary Kastner: And vomiting. Okay.
And you said you can't sleep.
Brandon Smith: Correct.
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how many hours do you think you're getting
Brandon Smith: It's really hard to tell because I have no idea when I get any sleep at night. I'd say maybe an hour to
Brandon Smith: Wow. Sometimes, none at all. I haven't gotten the whole night and just woken up you know
Brandon Smith: Just been staring at the ceiling.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you in. You talk about
Mary Kastner: About
Mary Kastner: depression. Depression on your intake. Are you feeling depressed,
Brandon Smith: I'm
Brandon Smith: I feel depressed when I'm feeling shitty. You know, I have ups and downs, like where I'm at now. But, you know, not all
Mary Kastner: Okay, so is is
Mary Kastner: Depressed is
Mary Kastner: Most depressed. You ever been being a 10, where would you put your depression right now.
Brandon Smith: I'm four five depending on the day
Mary Kastner: Today right today.
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Brandon Smith: I'd say for right now, I'm feeling a little cold today.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. And how about anxiety 10 being the most anxious. You've ever been. Where would you put your anxiety.
Brandon Smith: I put that at eight right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And it says here that you've been going to some a, in a, is that correct
Brandon Smith: A I've never been to an NA meeting. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Is alcohol, an issue for
You
Brandon Smith: Know I just
Brandon Smith: Kind of view it as the same thing. It's basically the same program, but the fellowship is better.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so do you drink it all.
Mary Kastner: We didn't. I didn't ask you about that.
Brandon Smith: No, I haven't had a drink in at least two years.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Spiritual life is that important to you.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, that's very important to me.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you a particular type, you go to church, what in what type what denomination.
Brandon Smith: And Lutheran
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Are you going to church now.
Brandon Smith: When, when I'm able to, I don't drive so it's not as consistent as I'd like it to be. But okay, working on that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Cigarettes. How much are you smoking.
Brandon Smith: I don't smoke cigarettes.
Mary Kastner: Okay evade
Brandon Smith: Yes, that's correct.
Mary Kastner: Okay with tobacco.
Brandon Smith: With that three milligram nicotine.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: How often are you
Brandon Smith: Every day.
Mary Kastner: How many times during the day.
Brandon Smith: All throughout the day.
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Brandon Smith: So he wants.
Brandon Smith: To
Mary Kastner: tobacco dependence score of three putting you low, moderate, um,
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: You had been smoking heroin and the last dose last time you did that was
Mary Kastner: On the 21st of January, yet your cow score is 11
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm just going to continue our intake. I can't get into my calendar for some odd reason. So I think we have some time here.
Mary Kastner: Uh, you know, today's date.
Mary Kastner: Do you haven't. You've had some trouble just kind of getting yourself into the shower, but you can shower and dress yourself. Correct.
Mary Kastner: Independent self care he does not
Mary Kastner: Drive. So he's been dependent on getting rides.
Mary Kastner: Do you read books or
Mary Kastner: Can you focus and concentrate enough to read a book.
Brandon Smith: Now I have a lot of books and
Brandon Smith: I know I don't feel like reading or really watching anything
Mary Kastner: So concentration and focus are difficult right now.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, I can listen to music that's about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, your mood is anxious
Brandon Smith: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Just full
Mary Kastner: You appear, you stated age well groomed, you have normal habit speech volume is coherent normal thought process and appropriate for agent development. Do you ever see things are here. Things TV has special messages or people can put thoughts into your mind.
Mary Kastner: No, okay. No hallucinations, delusions noted insight and self reflection on
Mary Kastner: Today's issues.
Mary Kastner: Are that are
Mary Kastner: Notice adequate. Do you ever feel like you want to hurt yourself if you're having suicidal thoughts.
Brandon Smith: In my life. Yes.
Mary Kastner: How about now.
Brandon Smith: Not at this current moment no
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever made an attempt
Brandon Smith: No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. So you would say that your
Mary Kastner: Your
Mary Kastner: Risk assessment is low.
Brandon Smith: Yes.
Okey.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. Um, I want to talk to you a little bit about your medical history.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever had any head head trauma.
Brandon Smith: Um,
Brandon Smith: Nothing serious. I mean, I like running a tree ranchers and things like that.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever been knocked out lost consciousness.
Brandon Smith: Actually, yeah. Once I was in a car accident and I did hit my head and lose consciousness.
Mary Kastner: I was okay.
Brandon Smith: At the time,
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you had any seizures.
Brandon Smith: No.
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, any trouble with your vision.
Brandon Smith: I'm near side.
Mary Kastner: Glasses.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, when when they're not broken. Usually I wear contacts, but I ran out.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble you're hearing
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You trouble with your teeth mouth gums.
Throat
Brandon Smith: Yeah, I haven't seen a dentist in a really long time. So my teeth do hurt but
Brandon Smith: You know, they're all still there. So,
Mary Kastner: Are you brushing and flossing.
Brandon Smith: Not lately. No.
Mary Kastner: Because the opiates will take its toll on the bone structure of your mouth and therefore you cheat. So it's real important for you to floss.
Mary Kastner: And I'm glad you
Mary Kastner: Are thinking about going to the dentist.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your nose. Yes, I would love to.
Mary Kastner: Anybody ever taken a look inside your nose and said, You
Mary Kastner: Had Any Trouble with the bone in the middle of your nose, called the septum.
Brandon Smith: Nobody nobody's ever looked at my septum, but I
Brandon Smith: Don't feel like I have any issues.
Mary Kastner: You need to have somebody take a look in there and get a physical exam. When was your last school
Brandon Smith: I have no idea.
Mary Kastner: Very important.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any heart trouble.
Mary Kastner: fast heart rate, blood pressure, a readme is any trouble with your breathing any trouble with frequent colds, asthma, pneumonia, bronchitis.
Brandon Smith: Not since I was a kid I had lung issues when I was younger and ammonia asthma and all
Mary Kastner: That nonsense. Okay.
Brandon Smith: No trouble with your stomach.
Mary Kastner: Heartburn you said you have nausea and vomiting gifts from cramping.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever been diagnosed with hepatitis.
No.
Brandon Smith: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you gallbladder problems liver problems.
Brandon Smith: No, I actually was just a, you know, ultrasound and blood work and X rays and all that and a different hospital as a bomb and everything that everything was fine.
Mary Kastner: Fine. Okay, any trouble with urinary tract system kidneys.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with history.
Mary Kastner: Of
Mary Kastner: Infections STDs hepatitis HIV.
Know,
Your skin, you said, James.
Mary Kastner: Inject heroin. Do you have marks.
Mary Kastner: From now.
Brandon Smith: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your bones or your muscles.
Brandon Smith: Just been sort or no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any diagnosis of bipolar.
Depression. Oh.
Brandon Smith: No.
dokey.
Brandon Smith: Any history of being
Mary Kastner: Diagnosed with
Mary Kastner: Any kind of infectious disease.
Brandon Smith: Know any
Mary Kastner: Thyroid problems, diabetes, cancer name you
Brandon Smith: Know,
Mary Kastner: In your kid were you ever diagnosed
Mary Kastner: with attention deficit disorder anger problems.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any history of cellulitis or skin problems.
Brandon Smith: Eczema on my feet.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: dokey.
Mary Kastner: Panic attacks.
Brandon Smith: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Besides, not being able to sleep.
Now,
Mary Kastner: Do you might get one to two hours of sleep before that. Had you had any sleep problems.
Brandon Smith: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. Any surgeries.
Brandon Smith: On my left shoulder to get my please was my labor room repaired, something like that.
Brandon Smith: As my school
Mary Kastner: Is it doing okay now.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Ever since, okay.
Mary Kastner: Good.
Mary Kastner: Any family history.
Mary Kastner: Of medical
Mary Kastner: Substance abuse psychiatric problems.
Brandon Smith: No, not that I'm aware of.
Mary Kastner: Mom and Dad are both alive.
Brandon Smith: Know my dad.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what, how did your mother died.
Brandon Smith: She had colon cancer which read to one of her reproductive organs and she mentioned that
Mary Kastner: Mother, okay.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How about her parents, her parents any medical history that you know have
Brandon Smith: That whole side of the family someone's already said colon cancer center pretty high risk for that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you are. You need to get colonoscopies even at your age.
Mary Kastner: I started 25
Mary Kastner: Yeah, how about your father see medically healthy
Brandon Smith: That side of the family is immoral, as far as I can tell.
Mary Kastner: Any substance abuse problems with either side of the family.
Mary Kastner: Psychiatric
Brandon Smith: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm good. Brothers and sisters,
Brandon Smith: I have one half sister. She's doing fine.
Mary Kastner: Healthy okay you have any
Brandon Smith: Children. No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Where were you born and raised.
Brandon Smith: In Novato, California. I was actually born IT AND WE'RE IN GENERAL HOSPITAL.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. So,
Mary Kastner: Parents raised you
Mary Kastner: How old were you when your mother died.
Brandon Smith: Data team.
Mary Kastner: Been hard
Brandon Smith: Then you have a half
Mary Kastner: Half sibling was that
Mary Kastner: Right. Yeah, there's
Brandon Smith: Uh huh. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And how's your relationship with your dad and that sibling.
Brandon Smith: My relationship with both of them is very good, especially my dad. I'm not as cool as my sister we grow up together, but we come out the other two weeks to go
Okay.
Brandon Smith: Support it supportive
Mary Kastner: Did you finish high school
Brandon Smith: Yeah, so now
Mary Kastner: In any any education after high school
Brandon Smith: Some calls here and there.
Mary Kastner: Was a major in what
Brandon Smith: I think the only major ever declared with psychology, but that was kind of meaningless really didn't attend much class.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and where have you worked
Brandon Smith: works here in Santa fell. I've worked out in Sacramento and
Mary Kastner: In doing what
Mary Kastner: Doing Doing what though.
Brandon Smith: I was a vet tech for a period of time.
Mary Kastner: You are a
Brandon Smith: veterinary technician.
Mary Kastner: I thought you said that. Yeah.
Brandon Smith: Yeah I did landscaping.
Brandon Smith: I've been in construction mostly
Brandon Smith: Doing
Mary Kastner: And are you employed now.
Brandon Smith: Not currently. No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so what is the source of your income.
Brandon Smith: I have no income. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you said there's no marijuana or there is marijuana use
Brandon Smith: No, I don't even remember the last time I
Mary Kastner: smoked marijuana and. Are you in a relationship.
Brandon Smith: No, I'm not.
Mary Kastner: Have you been married
Brandon Smith: No.
Mary Kastner: No children.
About military service.
Brandon Smith: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and your religious your Lutheran any trauma, other than your mother dying at 817 which is pretty traumatic.
Brandon Smith: Know that's probably the big one.
Mary Kastner: Any legal issues.
Brandon Smith: No.
Mary Kastner: And where are you living Brandon
Brandon Smith: I'm living sober living house and
Mary Kastner: Before that. Before that,
Brandon Smith: Petaluma
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Brandon Smith: Petaluma California
Mary Kastner: by yourself or with somebody or
Brandon Smith: With a friend I stay at a friend's house.
Mary Kastner: Okay dokey.
Mary Kastner: Anything. Any questions for me. I'm asking you a ton of questions.
Mary Kastner: We're just trying to get through the intake here.
Brandon Smith: Dr. You
Mary Kastner: Stop me anytime. If I'm
Mary Kastner: driving you nuts.
Brandon Smith: No, that's okay. I don't mind the questions.
Mary Kastner: Okay, right now, I did in the withdrawal symptoms. We've gone through. Do you have any physical concerns any fever feeling like you're getting a cold feeling, you know, like you're getting the flu, which you probably do feel if you haven't withdraw.
Any physical. Yeah.
Brandon Smith: Just
Brandon Smith: Feels sickening.
Cold or something. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any allergies.
Brandon Smith: Know,
Food
Mary Kastner: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how do you
Mary Kastner: How would you say your diet is
Mary Kastner: Like when you were living
With your friend.
Brandon Smith: I would describe it as poor
Mary Kastner: Poor do cook.
Brandon Smith: Not well okay I'm better clean
Mary Kastner: Okay, so when you were smoking the heroin. How much do you think you were getting a day.
Brandon Smith: Realistically, probably
Brandon Smith: Like 30 to $40 worth
Mary Kastner: Which is how much
Mary Kastner: Graham.
Brandon Smith: Like a half grand. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Have you seen your use go up over time.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, definitely. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And other than the beeping. There was no other use of a substance concurrently with the heroin.
Brandon Smith: Methamphetamine
Mary Kastner: Okay, methamphetamine, when's the last you submit amphetamine.
Brandon Smith: Same time is a heroin.
Brandon Smith: First, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay dokey. So using an upper and a downer at the same time.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So, um, I would say in my assessment. The diagnosis is opioid
Mary Kastner: Use Disorder, a
Mary Kastner: Moderate
Mary Kastner: Methamphetamine use disorder moderate
Mary Kastner: A nicotine use disorder it moderate
Mary Kastner: suicide risk assessment is low on the plan is, it will start you on Suboxone
Mary Kastner: eight milligrams two milligrams film. Do you know how to use a film.
Brandon Smith: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What did they give you. There was it film or tablet and was it an eight milligram
Brandon Smith: It was an eight milligram tablet that tasted horrible.
Mary Kastner: Did you get sick from it at all.
Brandon Smith: No.
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and they just gave you one tablet.
Brandon Smith: They gave me one tablet and sent me home with paperwork for me a call, two phone numbers, one of them was disconnected and the other ones you guys cheese.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then the other plan is for you to attend our substance use disorder group.
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You don't need to do it today, but
Mary Kastner: This, it was last night. So it's Mondays at four o'clock so you call in the right heart health about 345 340
Mary Kastner: They'll have you do a survey.
Mary Kastner: They'll ask you about your dress and where they can send your in drug screen test.
Mary Kastner: Because you know that online with them.
Mary Kastner: And have you signed the treatment contract with us.
Brandon Smith: I don't know. I signed a whole bunch stuff.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you might want to take a look at that tree.
Brandon Smith: On track.
Mary Kastner: You can go online to bright heart health.
Mary Kastner: And go in as a patient. Establish yourself.
With a
Mary Kastner: Password and reread that contract because it talks about the urine drug screenings in the surveys and coming to the group.
Mary Kastner: So in order to be in the program. Yeah, you have consent for treatment in here. That's what you're looking for. You want to reread all of those things you said you do
Mary Kastner: Um, and so you come to group every Monday. I'm in there once, twice a month. I won't be there until the ninth of March.
Mary Kastner: I want to see you, that day.
Mary Kastner: In group don't want to see how you're doing. This is covering you
Mary Kastner: Know I'm not a I'm on vacation, so what what you're going to need to do if you have problems between now and when I see you call into the front desk and the care navigator will
Mary Kastner: Get someone who can help you.
Mary Kastner: Right now I'm thinking twice.
Mary Kastner: A day would be
Mary Kastner: A bigger films, but
Mary Kastner: Let's say you have some breakthrough craving.
Mary Kastner: Or you have some breakthrough.
Mary Kastner: Withdraw then you're going to want to go higher. And so she would have to find somebody
Mary Kastner: Prescribed that higher for you.
Mary Kastner: And tell
Mary Kastner: Me, I'm hoping the twice a
Day.
Mary Kastner: Will be enough. Our goal.
Mary Kastner: Is comfort.
Mary Kastner: Know use
Abstinence
Mary Kastner: No cravings and comfort.
Mary Kastner: And that's what they're going to be checking in on in group and telling them all of these things and how you did.
Mary Kastner: And there'll be other people in
Mary Kastner: The group and it's an online group. So you get to know them via the video.
Mary Kastner: Okay, does that make sense. I also ordered some labs and need you to go to the lab.
Choice and get them done.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Brandon Smith: There's one.
Brandon Smith: mile or so from my location Quest Diagnostics
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, so let the front desk know you want that sent to quest.
Brandon Smith: I believe it's already been sent. I just wanted to make it down there.
Mary Kastner: Okay, great.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm going to order this right now. The film.
Mary Kastner: Or the tablet. You want to make sure that your mouth is wet before you put it under your tongue.
Mary Kastner: Know babying no talking. No, no drinking. No eating just totally dissolved
Brandon Smith: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Keep these secure
Brandon Smith: Yes, people
Mary Kastner: People still people commit crimes to get them and children even
Thinking killed
Brandon Smith: Okay, I can do that.
Mary Kastner: Would be in the future that you need.
Mary Kastner: Something
Mary Kastner: In addition to this,
Mary Kastner: Coming off as, you know,
Mary Kastner: It's not easy.
Brandon Smith: Know,
Mary Kastner: You start
Mary Kastner: Hitting life on life's terms.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Significant
Brandon Smith: Changes.
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So I also want to hear about your mood.
Mary Kastner: When you check in.
Brandon Smith: Okay, what do you think
Brandon Smith: Maybe an email or something that march night.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'll see you in group that night.
Mary Kastner: But
Brandon Smith: Okay, all right, it down.
Mary Kastner: I totally want you in the group. Every Monday before that.
And after that.
Brandon Smith: Okay, gotcha.
Mary Kastner: Rebecca Evans is the therapist and she'll be looking for you.
Mary Kastner: San refill. Third Street.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it is going in now.
Mary Kastner: You're in there, you're in a good place.
This is a wonderful program.
Mary Kastner: We're in
Mary Kastner: The queue, even though the other number that was disconnected did well by you sending you here.
Brandon Smith: Yeah, this, this has been friendly.
Mary Kastner: And then I'm hoping
Mary Kastner: That you're able to
Mary Kastner: Get some meaningful.
Brandon Smith: life's work that you
Enjoy.
Mary Kastner: Get established in your life.
Mary Kastner: Been using
Mary Kastner: Your life. Do you realize that
Brandon Smith: Yes, I knew
Mary Kastner: So let's go from today forward.
Brandon Smith: Sounds good to me.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Any other questions for me.
Brandon Smith: I don't think so.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Your Suboxone prescription is into a day.
Mary Kastner: Three refills, and you're going to come
Mary Kastner: Eventually,
Mary Kastner: Proceed in the program.
Mary Kastner: You will be able to get a higher amount each time.
Mary Kastner: If you continue in the
Mary Kastner: You know, with the treatment contract as it says coming to group getting your urine drug screens doing surveys, you'll get more than a week's worth of time.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Brandon Smith: Next, okay.
Mary Kastner: Hey you got Brandon Crawford.
Mary Kastner: Behind you. Did you realize that
Yeah.
Brandon Smith: Somebody turn them around. Not a giant
Mary Kastner: Yeah, no, that's
That's bumgardner
Brandon Smith: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You take care
Brandon Smith: Thank you so much.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Brandon Smith: Bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, amen and pause the recording. Now, I think I covered everything for the for the dictation on that it was doing something for them. So I'm going to back up a minute because I just now turned on, remember to turn on the recording.
Mary Kastner: This is pretty pretty DC was Mr. In 3314 she's here for individual follow up med
Mary Kastner: She's suffering from PTSD and she had provider giving her Zoloft, which I continued on to 10 and she's had some difficulty getting it.
Mary Kastner: Her primary symptom. She says are sick. She said 60% she feels like they have improved and she's continued on the
Mary Kastner: I'm so off that she got from the previous provider. The target symptoms were depressed and sad mood. So where do you put your depression today 10 being the most depressed. You've ever been.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Seven.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about anxiety.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Anxiety. I'll put on nine
Mary Kastner: OK, and then how about do you have physical pain as well.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Have what kind of pain.
Mary Kastner: Physical pain. I think you you had some pain problems. Is that correct,
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It was the head and the lower back.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And where do you put that 10 being the worst pain you've ever had.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Right now, when I was seven.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So paintings to be worse anxiety just slightly better and depression. A little bit better. Um, are you getting any pleasure and things that you do.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I'm not quite picking up right now, but I'm pushing myself.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I cannot get this doggone
Mary Kastner: Program to work for me today pulses not working for me.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I am trying to put in a note to the care navigator Danielle and she is who you would ask for. If you call back in about your medication Danielle's her name.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Eventually, eventually I will be able to hopefully get in there.
Mary Kastner: And center a message because I don't understand why you're not getting your medication. Have you had any self harm behaviors, since I saw you last
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: But the, the other does all of that I have right now is what I'm taking in the morning.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you only have one left. And we were talking about adding boost bar to a because you asked for something in addition for your anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Yes. So what we
Would
Mary Kastner: We would add is we spar 10 milligrams one three times a day.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: As far as side effects or effect.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Because they're gonna make don't
Mary Kastner: I don't anticipate. You're going to feel anything. You know, it takes about six weeks for this to do anything.
Mary Kastner: But believe me, like I said, people that have been on it once they go off they go. Oh, it was doing something so
Mary Kastner: I thought it's worth a try.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, but it, what is it like drowsiness or sedated or anything.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It was all logged
Mary Kastner: In. So did you move that to the bed time
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No I didn't, because I thought that was. I thought you were going to prescribe that one. That was me different, but I was totally confused.
Mary Kastner: Okay, let me look and see what I told you.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I wasn't sure I was able to take the same one at night, though.
Mary Kastner: Okay, let me see what we did last time.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you feeling you need any pleasure in doing anything in your life.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Not really.
Mary Kastner: So, and who Tony has stayed
Mary Kastner: The same Are you having any panic.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, I'm not having any panic and just like I have like weird like dreams that kind of makes me feel like, why am I even having those kind of earnings
Mary Kastner: Like
What did they
Mary Kastner: Tell me what they're about.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: So it's like, you know, like I like my dad is in my dream and he like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Picking up
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And then
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I'm in like, I mean like in the mountains. I jumped off the mountain. I'm in the water like weird stuff like that.
Mary Kastner: Right.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we restarted the zone. Last, last time. That's all we did
Mary Kastner: In this time I'm going to add the moose bar and ask the
Mary Kastner: Care Coordinator to assist us in getting this filled
Mary Kastner: Basically the Zoloft was sent to
Mary Kastner: And you have you checked with the pharmacy.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I did and they said, We have nothing here.
Mary Kastner: Okay, maybe I just need to resend it again. Let me tell you where I sent it.
Mary Kastner: I sent it to CVS pharmacy to 605 West marching in Stockton.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Second, direct, that's the 24 hours one right
Mary Kastner: I don't know, it's, it's on West march lane.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, yeah. I thought, yeah, one song called lakes. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we just have to get her to call and find out why it hasn't been received.
Mary Kastner: Because that's the pharmacy. That's the pharmacy, you want
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you had any self harm behaviors or you feel like hurting yourself in any way.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No. That hasn't happened.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: In any panic since I've seen you.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Know,
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I'm trying to pick up myself. But it just feels like it's taking me a lot of time.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what I'd like for you.
Mary Kastner: To do is help me. Just bear with me a little bit. I need to finish the intake. We didn't quite get it finished the last time.
Mary Kastner: And we're
Mary Kastner: We're going to follow up on this medicine and we're going to order you the new medicine. Okay.
All right.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And another. Another thing is I've been sleeping a lot in the day.
Mary Kastner: And you move to Zoloft to the bedtime. Correct.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, I didn't. I took it. I was. I'm like, I'm afraid if I don't start it off in the morning and one like party get all weird and act up
Mary Kastner: No, no it last much longer than 24 hours. So go ahead and
Mary Kastner: Move it to the bed time. OK.
Mary Kastner: OK. And then these others you take one morning one midday. And one night.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, the booth bar.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. So just to finish your intake here. Have you had any surgeries.
Nope.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And I think that we did finish your medical history.
Mary Kastner: The last time I saw you.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Do you have any I know your father committed suicide. Did he have any medical problems. Prior to the incident.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: He was suffering from depression.
Mary Kastner: Okay, but no medical issues that you're aware of
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Um, he had
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Just called like cholesterol. That's about it.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, my mother.
My mom nothing and you
Mary Kastner: Know medical or mental health issues and how many siblings do you have to
Mary Kastner: Okay and. Are they healthy
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, they are.
Mary Kastner: Mean medical or psychiatric problems with any of them and your cousins aunts and uncles grandparents.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Nope. It was only my dad. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And as far as your, your medical history. Have you ever had a head trauma.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. EVER. HAVING TROUBLE your vision.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I was having trouble with my vision. Yes, my I was hurting you know was was hard for me to drive the night. So I went in got I checked in. I got new glasses. So now I'm better
Mary Kastner: Okay, so this will be a BHA HMP continued
Mary Kastner: And so you got some glasses now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so what you just said. Okay, and how about hearing any trouble with your hearing.
No.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your heart.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No. Well, I don't have any problem, the harbor like whenever I get anxiety or like like panic or something or when something occurs. And I just feel like my heartbeat is going really fast.
Mary Kastner: Okay, but you never been diagnosed with fast heart rate or murmur or
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Oh, no, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your lungs.
No.
Mary Kastner: No frequent asthma colds, pneumonia, bronchitis.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how about
Mary Kastner: Your mouth any trouble with your teeth. You're SWALLOWING YOUR THROAT
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with you, urinary system frequent urinary tract infections. No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how many children have you had
This one.
Mary Kastner: One. Okay. Any abortions miscarriages.
No.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your stomach frequent nausea and vomiting or
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I was having
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, I was having that
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Last week then happened like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Twice that same week where I was really not dated. I was just constantly growing up.
Mary Kastner: And what do you attribute that
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I don't know if it was that I ate something bad or if it was one of the symptoms of the soul off. I don't know what it was.
Mary Kastner: Okay, but it was short lived.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, um, any constipation, diarrhea, stomach cramping.
No.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your skin, your muscles, your bones.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had a seizure.
Mary Kastner: Migraine headaches.
I do get
Mary Kastner: You do get migraines. How often
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It really depends. But I don't get it that often.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what do you do for it when you get it.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I take migraine Advil
Mary Kastner: Okay, and that that works.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you have been diagnosed with depression or PTSD.
Mary Kastner: Yes, in the past, what which one
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: PTSD.
Mary Kastner: PTSD. Okay. And you've had some suicidal thoughts but no attempts
No.
Mary Kastner: But some self harm behavior and what I think you cut through your shirt or something on your wrist. Is that correct,
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, when was that
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: That was
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Two years ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and anything since
Mary Kastner: No.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you do hear these voices that tell you to hurt yourself or to jumper.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Have you heard any of this last week.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Nothing like that.
Okay.
Yeah, when you have enabled.
Mary Kastner: You've been able to just
Mary Kastner: distract yourself from that and not act on it.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, it's more like I do like miracle healing.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's more like you know that it's really not your father. But it's sort of a imaginary
Mary Kastner: It's not a true hallucination. Is that correct,
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Ever had any thyroid problems, diabetes, or anemia.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Know my iron level is low, though. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you taking iron pills.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I'm taking multivitamins
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Extra iron in it.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: EVER HAD ANY INFECTIOUS DISEASES tuberculosis STDs HIV, hepatitis. No. Okay. And
Mary Kastner: When you were a kid, were you ever diagnosed with attention deficit disorder.
Mary Kastner: Know any
Mary Kastner: Problems that we haven't mentioned here medically
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any allergies.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, I don't. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Nothing to food environmental or
Mary Kastner: Medication
No.
Mary Kastner: And today, how you feeling physically feeling like you're getting a little bit of a cold or flu or
Mary Kastner: I didn't
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I didn't have a clue. Last week it was all nasal congestion, a lot of copying and wheezing.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: But everyone else was the same symptom. Everyone was sick.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and nothing today.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so where were you born and raised.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I was born in Redwood City, California.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And did you finish high school
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: We went through some of this.
Mary Kastner: Did you get any post high school training.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, I went to college to year. And then I did technical vocational training.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And I think you told me what that was.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: For nursing
Mary Kastner: Nursing.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And have you been employed with that.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, I haven't.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Cuz when I had children right now. How old again.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: She's three and a half.
Mary Kastner: One child.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: What's your caffeine intake like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I do not drink any caffeine.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Good, good, good. It was hard for me to get withdrawal.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I tried myself and I stay away.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and any methamphetamine benzodiazepines cocaine marijuana any of that.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, nothing.
Mary Kastner: And you said you had you felt like your nutrition was adequate.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You're getting enough protein fresh vegetables, fruits
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Identify can't eat it. I tend to do is drink a protein shake.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good, good. And you're living with who, again,
Mary Kastner: My in laws. Okay. And your relationship with them and your husband or
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It's good. No problems. Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I think we finished this intake.
Mary Kastner: I'm sorry to have to repeat some of that we just
Mary Kastner: A little bit pressed for time last time.
Mary Kastner: So today. Do you know today's date.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: A February 18 2019 okay
Mary Kastner: Okay, would say mental status is all within normal
Mary Kastner: Pretty much the same as the last time anxiety is
Mary Kastner: you're anxious. I'm a
Mary Kastner: Little bit better not much and depression is better.
Mary Kastner: Africa's I would say pretty restricted congruent.
Mary Kastner: You're oriented for some place your concentration. How's that concentration memory. How you doing in that regard.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I have a hard time focusing and I tend to like forget things like the next day.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Able to get up get dressed.
Mary Kastner: It jack trout.
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah baby dressed. Okay.
Mary Kastner: speech writing the volume coherent normal rate and volume thought processes appropriate. Um, I would say this is an illusion. This hearing of your father's for us. And does it happen, mainly at night and the dreams or does that happen throughout the day.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Mainly in the dream.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. So hitting the goddess kitna God
Mary Kastner: I'm not saying right hip and a Gothic
Mary Kastner: Illusion of her father's voice.
Mary Kastner: Insight and self reflection. Today's issues.
Mary Kastner: Are adequate.
Mary Kastner: So, um, what we're doing today is continuing the diagnosis of PTSD. I'm going to follow up on why you didn't get through medication.
Mary Kastner: suicide risk assessment is low. No, actually we had it at moderate because of the
Mary Kastner: father's voice and your history of self harm behavior hasn't really changed, but there's no current intent.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So we're going to continue with the Zoloft
Mary Kastner: And I'm going to add boost our 10 milligrams three times a day, you're going to move this all off to bed time. I'm not going to be in the office until the ninth.
Mary Kastner: Of March. If you have any problems again. Danielle call in and ask for Danielle.
Mary Kastner: And if you if you can come to mental health group on Mondays at seven. It would be great.
Mary Kastner: You're so loft was only 100 milligrams
Mary Kastner: Right. That correct
Mary Kastner: Yes. Did you, did you want to go up on that.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Oh yeah I did try what's what's gonna be the next five days.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Since I'm going to take in.
Mary Kastner: Hundred and 50
Mary Kastner: Okay, and they have
Mary Kastner: Okay, so if you don't get this new prescription and we got a problem with the pharmacy and you'll have to talk to Daniel. OK.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: So the new
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Hundred 50 milligram is going to go through today. Once a night. Right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's one and a half at night, it doesn't come in in a
Mary Kastner: 150
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Oh,
Mary Kastner: So it's a 100 milligrams and you take one and a half.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Half, one of the pills.
Mary Kastner: And that's the normal dose.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: All right.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Take it with booze bar or
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that that in the one we spar at night and then you take one inspiring the morning in one day. If you
Mary Kastner: Can't remember all that there's no problem with taking it all at once.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: The Blues bar.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I just think oftentimes people separated. It makes you
Mary Kastner: A little bit more aware that of the calming effect.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And they'll probably say take it in your Zoloft in the morning, but tell them you've had some difficulty with that.
Mary Kastner: So your provider has moved it to bed time
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's going to 2605 march lane, let's hope it goes through this time.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, pretty
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: All right.
Mary Kastner: I'll see you in group on seven o'clock on March 9 if you can be there.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, I'll try.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you can, you're welcome to come in Monday at seven to that group.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, do I need to begin
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: To see you again.
Mary Kastner: No cuz you'll start seeing me through the group.
Mary Kastner: So there's no individual appointment, unless your insurance is going to say no, you can't come to group and then of course you can see me through through them.
Mary Kastner: You sign in, come to the front desk about, I would say 645 they'll tell you the room number of the group. It's a different room number
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, do you have anything in the morning. Remember I got working evenings.
Mary Kastner: Oh, that's right. You go, you start going to work at five right
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no, you can't come to good. Yeah, then you have to call back in and make an morning appointment with me on the night
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, I'll do that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm sorry for
Mary Kastner: The forgetfulness there.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, it's okay. Thank you though.
Mary Kastner: Okay, nice to see you again. And if you have traveled before then call
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, I will, Mary. Thank you so much.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Take care. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hello Hello how are you
XT1710-02: I've been waiting and waiting. I was afraid that you couldn't see me again.
Mary Kastner: Oh no, I was
Mary Kastner: With the patient before you. What time do we have, you will shoot. You've been waiting again.
XT1710-02: That's okay. As long as I mean whatever necessary information that you need. I'm here but
XT1710-02: I, you know, things that were once again behind
Mary Kastner: Now, but I'm going to make the other person. Wait, so we can get done. Okay. I apologize.
Mary Kastner: So this is dinner.
Mary Kastner: Sarkis soba. And Mr. In 2835 yesterday, we kind of got through the
Mary Kastner: Kind of present symptoms that you're having
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: I had some questions around your anxiety. It seems a lot, how do you rate that anxiety today.
XT1710-02: Today I'm not bad but
XT1710-02: I probably will be later on. Just because a lot is going on.
XT1710-02: Today I'm yeah, I'm okay. I think also
XT1710-02: I'm gonna get like in a day or so I'm going to start getting sad.
XT1710-02: I kind of have that feeling.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you're going to start getting sad.
Yeah.
XT1710-02: Okay, just processing everything, little by little,
So,
XT1710-02: Yeah, my anxiety really is really, really triggered by like unexpected change like like something that just pulls the rug from under your feet.
XT1710-02: I
XT1710-02: Process that stuff and I need a second. That's exactly why I got arrested in the first place, and why I lost my kid because I was in a very stressful situation like something I was very distressed by something and police officer just approached me wrong, and it just all went to hell.
XT1710-02: And my boss, did the same thing, which was just so strange because he knows me very well. He knows that I can't handle that.
XT1710-02: But whatever
Mary Kastner: It is. So would you say you have some sort of like intermittent
Mary Kastner: Rage reaction or anger or
XT1710-02: Yes.
Yes, like overwhelming.
XT1710-02: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: In the old days they call it hysteria where you
XT1710-02: Get
Mary Kastner: Sort of at crazy
Mary Kastner: Yes, uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Oh boy.
Mary Kastner: And trick and it's
XT1710-02: always treated
Mary Kastner: This doesn't come out of the blue, it's triggered by something
XT1710-02: And I was just, I just knew what it was never going to end it was just so I just got done putting that stupid business to like a manageable.
XT1710-02: Like almost and basically I got everything to finally start running smoothly.
XT1710-02: And I was going to take more meantime and focus on all the shit that I had going on in my personal life.
XT1710-02: And it just got all fucked up again and at the worst.
XT1710-02: Possible time and I completely overreacted
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And you realize that it is overreacting. And then you feel you know some guilt about that and and you have to keep rehashing what happened in your brain.
Mary Kastner: Sort of like a record just just keeps playing and playing and playing, you can't cut it off.
XT1710-02: Yeah. But the thing is, if I would have
XT1710-02: Gone with it. Like if I could stop myself even if I could stop myself.
XT1710-02: Like, where do you draw the line of people taking not i guess i felt extremely taken advantage of.
XT1710-02: Or
XT1710-02: Violated for sure violated.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And you've tried Zoloft before and you just felt numb.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: Your sleep is seven hours.
Mary Kastner: Continuous routinely
XT1710-02: Yeah, last night I didn't sleep well at all. I couldn't fall asleep for the longest time. Okay.
Mary Kastner: But typically, you can get about seven hours on interrupted every night.
XT1710-02: No interrupted.
Mary Kastner: Interrupted
XT1710-02: Yeah, I usually wake up between, like, four and six for a minute.
Mary Kastner: And then you go back to sleep at six.
Hmm.
Mary Kastner: And then, how long do you sleep.
XT1710-02: Well, my alarm is set for 830 so I usually get another two and a half hours.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what time you go to bed.
XT1710-02: Nick around 11 ish
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how long does it take you to fall asleep.
XT1710-02: I don't know.
XT1710-02: I don't really notice
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So any let's get into a little bit of
Mary Kastner: Do you ever have to or in again we're kind of doing a psychiatric review of symptoms. This is a VHS HMP continued visit and you referred by
XT1710-02: Dr.
Mary Kastner: Jameson to do the psychiatric workup. So does it ever get to be
Mary Kastner: Where you have to order things in a Certain Way.
Mary Kastner: Or you have to count.
Mary Kastner: No or no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so no obsessive compulsive behavior.
XT1710-02: Ya.
XT1710-02: Know some obsessional. Ya know, like over exaggerated crazy stuff. Okay. But when when when I'm it's basically like this when something is really like not necessarily high stress, but has to work quickly and in in sync.
XT1710-02: Everything has to be lined up, so I don't start tripping over
XT1710-02: What's the next thing to do because Dad's gonna fuck me up and throw me into an anxious frenzy. So like at work. I'm responsible for I was responsible for my own self, and the rest of the girls and of course the condition of the spot. So everything had to be ready for me to
XT1710-02: Like handle whatever issue. It could be. So because of that, like, again, that had to be lined up like the little facial towels had to be folded just right. So I could enroll them with one move like this. And yet, like the examples.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: But nothing at home like that that you
XT1710-02: Know I'm completely disorganized.
XT1710-02: Because
XT1710-02: You know, I don't. There it was business like everybody had to leave our place, not realizing that absolutely anything wasn't running like a world world is a well oiled machine.
Mary Kastner: Did you get along with the other
XT1710-02: Oh yeah, I loved everybody
XT1710-02: Okay, my boss. I was like shaking when he was firing me I have to get him water twice.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you said you don't have over hallucinations or
Mary Kastner: Visions or hearing voices are feeling things crawling on your skin or smelling things that aren't there.
XT1710-02: No.
Mary Kastner: But there's a mile paranoid because you feel like you've been screwed so many times.
Mary Kastner: I say
Mary Kastner: A bit of OCD at work, but not at home and definitely some continued obsessive thinking around the past
XT1710-02: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: travesty said Have happened to
Mary Kastner: Any eating problems where you feel like you
Mary Kastner: Have lost weight unintentionally or intentionally or binging or purging or denying yourself food.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, is there any history of psychiatric illness in your family.
XT1710-02: Oh, I think so.
Mary Kastner: Okay, tell me.
XT1710-02: My mom's side is
XT1710-02: Completely bipolar. But I can't, I don't know enough about it.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
XT1710-02: Your mother, your father know my mom with well anxiety runs in my family. I'm not the first one, but also have these weird mood swings from happy too angry older than
XT1710-02: Mm hmm. I don't know what the hell Douglas
Mary Kastner: And how about your sisters or brothers.
XT1710-02: She never gave me a sibling.
XT1710-02: Okay. So yo I injured her all alone.
Mary Kastner: And not bother your grandparents statement.
Mary Kastner: I know my kids don't say that about me.
XT1710-02: My grandfather
XT1710-02: So on my dad's side. I'd never noticed any mental illness on my mom's side now looking back at it. I feel like I heard that my grandmother great grandmother was really weird and would do similar things to my mom, where it was just from happy to completely ridiculous.
XT1710-02: And my grandfather. I can't say for sure because he was in world war two and he had shrapnel, and from a grenade exploding.
XT1710-02: And it went in to the back of his head. So, and with all the PTSD and everything like we were told to never approach him when he sleeping because he would, he thought he always started was the enemy.
XT1710-02: He had nightmares and I don't know how much came from what you know nature nurture.
XT1710-02: That yeah
Mary Kastner: And how about your father.
XT1710-02: My father is completely withdrawn, man. He's not bad, he's just not smart.
Mm hmm.
XT1710-02: My father betrayed me recently, well I found out about it recently.
XT1710-02: And I guess.
XT1710-02: I don't know. I'm still looking for good daddy figure, I guess. And then I felt really betrayed by my grandma by my boss.
How did your father betrayed.
XT1710-02: In a nutshell because it's such a weird story. It was a party.
XT1710-02: It have to be fancy.
XT1710-02: My when I arrived with my son and just just getting there. I it was so hard. It was not in this city. We had to go to LA, I had to be all dressed up.
XT1710-02: And I guess my dad being the jerk that he is made fun of me right when I arrived at this beautiful event.
XT1710-02: Like right at the steps and I just kind of was like what the fuck, and I, I didn't say that, but I didn't like say what kind of reaction is this to my arrival, like what I
XT1710-02: I do myself. I was thinking I did everything you asked for, like, I'm on time. I look fantastic your grandson looks fantastic. And this woman who is related to us.
XT1710-02: On his on my step family side so on his wife side misunderstood what was happening and grabbed me and grabbed me by the hair and yanked my hair out with extensions
XT1710-02: By the way, this is like Los Angeles elite behaving this way, this is no hillbillies, you know, and it was just shocking to me and my dad did absolutely nothing. And then some more stuff happened that made me kind of
XT1710-02: I, I was under the impression that something happened about this that it didn't just all get swept under the rug.
XT1710-02: Well apparently not only did it get swept under the rug. It was all blamed on me with my dad's knowledge and. Okay. And apparently, none of this happened and all of that was in my imagination. Because everybody always thinks I'm crazy.
XT1710-02: So it just got blamed on Dino being hyper whatever
XT1710-02: My dad stood right there. A him and and his wife, and they were both just shocked but what just happened.
XT1710-02: But nobody said a word. And they went with that story. And because of that, even though clearly nobody was a really good family to me since I haven't heard from them, but I know but everyone stopped talking to me after that.
XT1710-02: And my guess.
XT1710-02: Is everyone. Well, my entire family was my dad and his dad, my step family I we don't have anybody else. So that was that.
Mary Kastner: And they, you don't know why they acted that way you you look
Mary Kastner: Nice and you didn't say anything. And you're on time.
XT1710-02: Yeah, so
Mary Kastner: I did.
XT1710-02: YEAH, YEAH. MY DAD FELT THAT at that exact moment. So I don't know if you can see, like, imagine you're my dad and I'm me right we're looking at one another.
XT1710-02: And to this site down the stairs. Like, imagine like courthouse steps, kind of just like in the movie down the steps. Apparently my stepsister was taking a photo.
XT1710-02: Because a professional photographer was there with her family and I had my hair done.
XT1710-02: And I had my dress and I'm in the right here, like this is the entrance, just because they're facing the stairs. I can't do anything about it. And I didn't see them, they will on the bottom.
XT1710-02: And might and I have my gown. Like I was all dressed up with makeup, hair done. And my son was old cutesy, and I had my gown and my hands.
XT1710-02: And my son's jacket was still on the hanger and essentially the valley hasn't even had a chance to take my car yet my car is right there.
XT1710-02: And my dad, as he sees me like as I walk up to him. He turned around in yields. Get out of the picture in your underwear.
XT1710-02: Is to him. I was work because I showed up in shorts. Because, I mean, I was all done like I just had like a
XT1710-02: It's in June in sunny LA, and I have to drive four hours. I was not going to drive in a gallon
XT1710-02: And my help the gallant. But he was a pole that I walked into his stepdaughter's picture, but I didn't. I wasn't even anywhere near he just wanted to say something means to delete these would laugh, and then he left. But the ladies. Didn't his wife heard and she was kind of like
XT1710-02: She, she didn't find it funny and the other lady, I don't think heard what had happened or heard something but wasn't she probably thought that he was reacting to something I was doing wrong and not the other way around. And she just went from me.
Mary Kastner: So then what you do.
XT1710-02: I had to go upstairs and in I cried my entire makeup off, put on a gown.
XT1710-02: I partying.
XT1710-02: At the best I could. I've kind of had a feeling I was never going to see any of these people again.
Mary Kastner: And I was just wondering, all, all this
XT1710-02: Oh, he was like, okay, so he saw something happened, but he has really bad add plus. He was like not even eight at the time or not seven so he didn't really
XT1710-02: Like he didn't dwell on it.
XT1710-02: But then on the way home because we were supposed to actually stay in LA. It was quite late that we were driving home.
XT1710-02: But as we were driving home he was asleep. But then when he woke up when we got home, my Nanny nanny was still awake. It was like, midnight, and he didn't expect us home.
XT1710-02: And he's like, what happened, why are you home and my son just started telling me these look my my niece might my cousins grandma attack my mom and cooled her hair hard and he was like telling him all about. It was really sad.
Mary Kastner: How old is your son.
XT1710-02: He's 11 and a half now.
Mary Kastner: And so I see on medication for add
XT1710-02: He used to be but right now. He's with his father and I can't control anything but he's doing okay he's old enough to know that he has it. And we have some
XT1710-02: You know,
XT1710-02: helpful tools that we use. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Oh my god, I'm sorry that that happened.
XT1710-02: And guess what, in my life I've attended to fancy events like this like a bad nature.
XT1710-02: And then the first one. My mom attacked me
XT1710-02: Like I'm like afraid of gallons. Now, by the way, that's another thing.
Mary Kastner: I needed when I
XT1710-02: Got to tell you I don't do any kind of fancy events anymore.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and your, your mother, when was that that she attacked you
XT1710-02: That was
XT1710-02: Your third teen
XT1710-02: October 13 seven know
XT1710-02: Your 13th. So seven years.
XT1710-02: She didn't physically attacked me, but she
XT1710-02: She, she did a cost me and De de gravity of what happened. My entire her side of the family turned away from me and I did nothing wrong.
XT1710-02: She saw my son crying. And yes, something happened that my son was crying at the wedding and I was addressing it. He was five years old. Five and a half.
XT1710-02: And I was on like crouched like on like sitting on my, on my, like, what's the I just need nevermind crouch down and I was consoling him.
XT1710-02: And she completely misunderstood what was going on and came up with this is, by the way, on a dance floor with people standing around and she started cussing at me and
XT1710-02: She was just going off about what a terrible mother, I am that my son is crying.
XT1710-02: And and she did it show publicly. I'm so wrong.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Go ahead. No.
XT1710-02: They all took her side because she's the elder sibling, and she was my grandmother's caretaker. So everybody had to take her so
Mary Kastner: This is all very painful stuff.
XT1710-02: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Have you in. You said you had a couple years of individual therapy.
Yeah.
XT1710-02: I'm really, I'm really nervous about what's going to happen because my boss was my closest friend. I have a feeling that I'm gonna freak out soon.
Mary Kastner: You're gonna wet.
XT1710-02: Right now I don't miss him because I don't like I'm not in that place where he's my friend.
XT1710-02: So I haven't lost a friend. Yet, if that makes sense or know anything like I my friend is not available to me yet. But in a minute. Once I actually process that he's no longer in my life.
XT1710-02: I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
XT1710-02: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You think you might hurt yourself.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you've never tried to hurt yourself.
XT1710-02: Oh no, I don't suffer from depression I I have not that I will
XT1710-02: But I'm just giving you a proportion that I would sooner like hurt, not another person, but whoever is causing me PAIN then
XT1710-02: Then hurt me because I don't understand why people cut themselves. I mean, I get cat, there's some sort of, I just, I'm I've been beat up so much now that I'm not gonna help people bring me any further down
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
XT1710-02: I would never hurt myself.
Mary Kastner: Would you turn to alcohol or any drugs.
Yeah.
XT1710-02: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Do you use alcohol in that way where you you just use it.
XT1710-02: I used to listen.
Mary Kastner: To feel better.
XT1710-02: Yeah, but I mostly rely on marijuana when I'm really extremely overwhelmed.
Mary Kastner: I see. And I haven't. When's the last time. Yeah, use medical marijuana. When's the last time that you had any medical marijuana
XT1710-02: Yesterday, okay.
Mary Kastner: And how much do you use at a time.
XT1710-02: We'll see. Not much. I got to be way less than before. But that's because I also kept myself very busy. And so it was a great distraction.
Mary Kastner: Yeah and now you're not so busy. Are you fearful.
XT1710-02: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: How much was your highest use in a day.
XT1710-02: About four times so
XT1710-02: I usually smoke flour in the mornings, or I used to
XT1710-02: I would say, how about this, I would say.
XT1710-02: Three times a day with in between using a bake it like at work, but the way I would usually do this is I would smoke in the morning, but I recently stopped smoking mornings altogether.
XT1710-02: Probably within the last
XT1710-02: Three months or so I stopped smoking in the morning.
XT1710-02: And I would smoke in the afternoon on like up because it where the spotless. If you could get. And he did. He never cared.
XT1710-02: And then in and then again in the evening to help like kind of chill out for bedtime. But then I would carry my baby at work, but I noticed that when I carried my baby at work. I smoked bless
XT1710-02: Because he was like
XT1710-02: Interest security blanket.
Like a crutch.
Mary Kastner: And no alcohol.
XT1710-02: Maybe
XT1710-02: Huh.
XT1710-02: A while ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
XT1710-02: Like, I don't remember. Now, I guess. Oh, I should tell you that right about that whole thing happened. Due to the fact that
XT1710-02: I had ignored that whole like confrontation altercation with the police officer happened because I started bleeding and I had a very bad feeling about why I was bleeding. So I like I said complete overreaction but after that I found out that
XT1710-02: It was a different thing that was making me be, but he was still very dangerous when I had a, I guess, have a blood filled cyst.
XT1710-02: And it ruptured, and it pretty much destroyed that ovary, because I didn't. I was supposed to be in the hospital and they threw me in jail.
XT1710-02: So it works, but it doesn't, it's not going to give me any babies. So I put all my efforts into keeping the other one afloat until I can extract the eggs and save them and I on an alkaline diet so I can have things like coffee or
XT1710-02: Tomatoes or citrus like that.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And when was the police incident.
XT1710-02: April third 19
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you have leftover
Mary Kastner: Legal issues from that.
XT1710-02: No trouble trying to get my kid back ok ok ok
Mary Kastner: OK, so let's just finish this sort of intake and I have an idea as to what we can do for you.
Mary Kastner: To help with your anxiety. Number one, which seems to be the overwhelming.
Mary Kastner: Issue here.
Mary Kastner: 10 being the most anxious. You've been. Where did you put your
Mary Kastner: You put two out of 10 yesterday. How about today.
XT1710-02: It seriously when up while we were talking to snow. So I would
XT1710-02: Say, I'm sure it did.
XT1710-02: Three. Three to four depending on up.
XT1710-02: Yeah, and it's like
Mary Kastner: And how about depression.
XT1710-02: No, I'm not depressed. I know.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you having any physical pain.
XT1710-02: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, um, you know, minor tranquilizers are addicting. And they are things like Xanax
Mary Kastner: Advantage Valium.
Mary Kastner: major tranquilizers are not addicting. And they stabilize the mood and
Mary Kastner: Can help you sleep.
Mary Kastner: So that's what I'm thinking because you didn't like the antidepressant it, it made you feel numb.
Mary Kastner: And no sex drive you felt like you were boring. Mm hmm. And I don't want to go there because you didn't tolerate that. No, it's hard for a lot of people tolerate some thinking you might want to try something like lead to de
Mary Kastner: La Raza don't is the generic name, it's going to kind of show you out without having to overuse your marijuana again.
Mary Kastner: And side effects rare, um, let me just read to you. Have you had any bloodwork done late lately.
XT1710-02: Yeah, when I started with you guys in November.
Mary Kastner: Oh, good. Okay, I'll take a look at that.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: I just think this is, you know, the more it's either that or some kind of
Mary Kastner: Form a mood stabilizer, which I think could have a little bit more of a sedating effect for you. And I don't know that you would like that.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: That's why I want to get the blood. Make sure you had the blood drawn it can increase your, your cholesterol in your
Mary Kastner: Blood sugar. So that's what we check
Mary Kastner: Can make you sleepy. So if you took it at night. It might help with the sleep.
Mary Kastner: Some people causes insomnia, though, and then you'd have to move it to morning, um,
Mary Kastner: Some people
Mary Kastner: Have a little extra movement with it which you need to watch or more anxiety, but typically it's lowering it. So in other words,
XT1710-02: It could either help or hurt.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and so
Mary Kastner: Let's just go on the health side, you know, think positively. I have a good experience.
Mary Kastner: I'm. That's what I'm thinking right now, you have to make that decision. I
XT1710-02: Want, I would like to make some, I would like to research this for a minute before I make any kind of
Mary Kastner: Okay. And so what I do need me to spell it for you.
XT1710-02: Led to that. No, I got it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
XT1710-02: What about what do you think of hypnosis hypnotherapy
Mary Kastner: I think it's fantastic. If you can find it.
XT1710-02: All time
Mary Kastner: I think always
XT1710-02: All check on there and beyond.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, talk therapy, you know, talk therapy is always
Mary Kastner: The best option.
Mary Kastner: If you can find somebody that does CVT cognitive behavioral therapy.
Hmm.
Mary Kastner: That's even better.
Mary Kastner: So I have to tell you, I'm leaving town on Friday. So I'm not back until the night. So if you make a decision before that leave a message, I can order this for you.
XT1710-02: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, if you do start it.
Mary Kastner: Somebody will be there taking messages and be able to direct your questions if you have any questions in the meantime.
Mary Kastner: But then if you started, I would want to see when I get back on the night
Mary Kastner: We have a mental health group you're welcome to attend. You can see me at seven o'clock in that mental health group on the night or if not you can call and make an individual appointment that morning.
XT1710-02: OK, I will. I will. And then the group is at seven.
XT1710-02: Yeah, you would check in. I just
XT1710-02: Exporting. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Because then they would give you the group. The room number and, you know,
Mary Kastner: You get in there in time.
XT1710-02: So if I don't have a job.
XT1710-02: That evening. Yeah, I'll absolutely be there.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And in between.
Mary Kastner: Now, and Friday. If you make the decision, leave me a note, so I can get you
Mary Kastner: Ordered for you to do. We have the correct pharmacy that you go to
XT1710-02: I, I don't know.
Mary Kastner: What pharmacy. Do you go to
XT1710-02: So well haha
XT1710-02: I don't, I just moved to this House, I don't go really anywhere.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
XT1710-02: So if you call into I.
XT1710-02: will figure it out. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Medicine leaving messages to the pharmacies, I can put it in your record.
XT1710-02: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So right now, basically what you and I have done is history of present illness.
Mary Kastner: The
Mary Kastner: Dash 10 on it. See audit see was three deaths 10 was one
Mary Kastner: Your anxiety level today was three out of four, three to four out of 10 and depression was nothing.
Mary Kastner: Your cures was negative mental status exam, you know, today's date, everything's normal you've got a full laugh at you slightly anxious
Mary Kastner: You deny having many psychotic symptoms, your function independent
Mary Kastner: Focus concentration memory, what do you, what would you say about that.
XT1710-02: Not very good right now. Not very good. Okay. The just because
XT1710-02: So many things going on in my head.
Mary Kastner: With this. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: obsessional thinking, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, your obsessional thinking is, is actually
Mary Kastner: In Paris impairing your focus concentration and memory.
Mary Kastner: Your well groomed actually very pretty woman.
Mary Kastner: Thank you, speech rate volume very clear, very poignant speech.
Mary Kastner: Thought process appropriate
Mary Kastner: Insight and self reflection on today's issues adequate.
Mary Kastner: past medical history has been gone over
Mary Kastner: With you.
Mary Kastner: With Dr. Jamison
Mary Kastner: She mentioned ovarian cyst is there. Has there been any other
Mary Kastner: medical issues. Have you ever had any head trauma.
XT1710-02: loss of consciousness. I hit my head really hard.
XT1710-02: In a car accident, like a seven years ago, but I didn't pass out. But I broke a bunch of stuff and my ear was split in half.
Mary Kastner: What did you break
XT1710-02: I broke my job here and here. So what happened was I was a passenger on a parked car and another car.
XT1710-02: started going the wrong way and a one way street. The driver was in the driver was my boyfriend and he was inside
XT1710-02: And I was waiting for him in front of us in front of a business and this lady looked a bit so hard that she hit like the passenger back
XT1710-02: And threw me into the steering wheel and I hit the steering wheel like this. So I split my ear into and I broke right here. And then with that product right here, but I got it all back together.
Mary Kastner: So that was your left mandible and ear your head lacerations mandible was fractured and a little bit of your chin.
XT1710-02: Yeah, they told matter. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How did they fix it.
XT1710-02: Well up at first. At first, just like I don't remember how at first, but it wasn't sitting right and I was constantly like hooligan. So I have I have cuts right here. So I think this part they did well on the outside and then this part, they were trying to keep this from moving too much.
XT1710-02: And they put another nice over it.
XT1710-02: And
Mary Kastner: Like a meta pace.
XT1710-02: You like it's not like it's like I like styrofoam or whatever, like to just make it smoother because it was really pushing
Mary Kastner: And yet dented in. Uh huh.
XT1710-02: And then that's about it. And the only thing was that when they sold me back right here at the pool. Way too much show then I had like muscular pool on the side. So then, a little more to to relax a little
Mary Kastner: facial reconstruction. Okay. What year was that accident.
XT1710-02: It was February of your 14
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And your turn with your vision or no since then, or any trouble with your hearing know any trouble with your sinuses, or your nose.
XT1710-02: He late. The last. So I've always known not after that. But I've always had a deviated septum. And I think in the last two years, I noticed that might know I even asked a plastic surgeon of mine and a friend of mine, and he said that my nose has dropped a little bit
XT1710-02: And I
XT1710-02: And I'm starting to notice. Will people have told me that I snore now and I used to knock before
XT1710-02: So I add now that when I smile I look like my mother, and it kills me. So I get my nose is not the happiest
Mary Kastner: Okay.
XT1710-02: Definitely one wrong.
Mary Kastner: And any trouble with your teeth or
Mary Kastner: Throat or okay any heart problems murmurs. A with me as hypertension. Any lung problems trip trouble breathing frequent pneumonia colds any trouble with your stomach heartburn hepatitis gall bladder problems.
XT1710-02: Styria IBS. Because like I think it's also caused by anxiety. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, all
Mary Kastner: Right. What do you do for that.
XT1710-02: I'm
XT1710-02: Trying to avoid
XT1710-02: Like rod not broad dairy but non non fermented dairy. It really acted up for me.
Mary Kastner: And so you're trying
Mary Kastner: To handle it with your diet.
XT1710-02: Oh yeah, because there's nothing else. So when I get really anxious, then yeah I go to the bathroom like crazy.
XT1710-02: And for the most part, if I just stay away from like milk and half and half. Everything else is fine.
XT1710-02: But
XT1710-02: If I'm really anxious
XT1710-02: And things just go, I go to the bathroom for no reason. Multiple times.
Mary Kastner: And and and then do you use anything Imodium or anything to help you know
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any trouble the urinary system frequent urinary tract infections.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your female organs, other than the cyst that ruptured, and you're trying to
XT1710-02: Know, or nervous.
XT1710-02: Yeah, I had an issue two years ago with. Well, a year and a half ago.
XT1710-02: Oh my god it was barely. It was a little over a year ago. Sorry, and he had to operate on my uterus. But now you can like ice skate in there. It's perfect.
Mary Kastner: How about you've had one pregnancy.
Mary Kastner: Or have you had any abortion pregnancy.
Mary Kastner: Abortions or
No.
XT1710-02: Yeah.
XT1710-02: miscarriage. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what are you doing for birth control.
XT1710-02: I
XT1710-02: Love method, but I'm not like I'm not with anybody right now that I've been doing the last two months. I don't have time for.
Mary Kastner: Sure. Any trouble years your skin, your muscles, your, your bones know
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with seizures frequent headaches stroke.
XT1710-02: No, but I should say death. My hair has significantly receded.
Mary Kastner: To what do you tribute that
XT1710-02: Stress age and maybe for vitamin intake.
Mary Kastner: Have you had any thyroid problems.
Mary Kastner: Then
XT1710-02: We'll be checking
XT1710-02: Everything I don't think anything popped up.
Mary Kastner: They checked you for thyroid okay because they
Are you being issue with
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with the anemia, diabetes, cancer.
Mary Kastner: Any infections HIV STDs tuberculosis hepatitis. No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and ever had a diagnosis of ADHD yourself.
XT1710-02: No, but I know I have a DD, but it's I've tried to get myself like medicated but doctors say I'm too old. I'm not in school anymore and I should be able to manage it.
XT1710-02: I've tried. I was at one point, taking Adderall Adderall. I think it's called but like there's mold doses very small like half a pill. I don't, I don't even remember. Yeah, and
XT1710-02: I hope
XT1710-02: What, yes. I don't even remember the milligrams on that one, but it was that I was doing and it worked really well, but that was just one. I mean, once
Mary Kastner: We use for adult attention deficit as well. You turn over the program. If you've had no history of seizure.
XT1710-02: I took that stuff. And I didn't feel like I was taking anything. It was like taking a placebo.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so it didn't really work.
Mary Kastner: Um, any history of restless legs or sleep apnea.
Mary Kastner: No other than the free recent snoring.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Um, as far as a family history gave me some
Mary Kastner: Thoughts on on that.
Mary Kastner: Surgical history, whereas the jaw and you had a C section. Any other surgeries.
XT1710-02: I had a few plastic surgeries. A lot
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And social history. Where were you born and raised.
XT1710-02: I was born and halfway raised in Azerbaijan Baku that's above Iran and I
XT1710-02: And then I came here when I was in middle school, and that was in LA.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any trouble in school.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, finish high school
XT1710-02: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And you get some post high school TRAINING COLLEGE.
XT1710-02: Yep. A lot
Mary Kastner: Where did you go, what did you do
XT1710-02: Went to UCSD.
XT1710-02: Then I went to law school.
XT1710-02: Then I hated being a lawyer and my anxiety really came out.
XT1710-02: Right about
XT1710-02: And I just
Mary Kastner: Have a Juris Doctorate
XT1710-02: Degree. Yes.
Mary Kastner: And you decided to not practice law.
XT1710-02: Like couldn't handle it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then is that when you get your training for the esthetician
Yep.
XT1710-02: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you've been employed in that field.
XT1710-02: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Have you do regularly exercise.
XT1710-02: I used to up until, like, July, August when all the crap with my house started and I didn't even know where I would live so I canceled my membership.
Mary Kastner: What happened with your house.
XT1710-02: I was supposed to rent it out then renter fucked me over and I was doing it all alone.
XT1710-02: But I made the house so beautiful and I already moved out because I wanted it to be sellable you know so renters would take it and this guy, my, my neighbor to so he was supposed to rent it. And then he backed out the weekend that he was supposed to move in.
XT1710-02: But I couldn't. It was the way my house is if you want to rent it. You need to rent it by the end of August, if nobody will rent it at that moment, it does. It's a long story. So I knew that the marketability and like that. The even debt debt, though.
XT1710-02: The pool of people who would be interested in a house like that. They're already done looking they found everything so I had to basically move back into the house to save money and then I put it on the market and I lived in the corner of my dining room on a mattress for two months.
XT1710-02: And I had to sell my house. I see. This is what is like pissing me off. Everybody keeps taking everything from me everything that as well. It just
Mary Kastner: So where are you living now.
XT1710-02: So now I'm renting a room in this lovely ladies house and she lets me pay per month, month to month and she just wanted to help me until I find out what happens to my son tomorrow. In that case, if, if
XT1710-02: You're still praying. If he does get back right away if if he's returned to me right away, then he's going to live in the room next door for a minute and to live rent an apartment.
XT1710-02: By since
XT1710-02: We're all going to be in this neighborhood. So it's not going to be a problem with school or anything, but if I don't get him back right now. Then I'll remain living in in the cheap room until
XT1710-02: I find out what's next. With my crazy life.
Mary Kastner: Oh my goodness.
Mary Kastner: Do you think you're taking care of yourself nutritionally right now.
XT1710-02: And good days and bad days.
Mary Kastner: healthy meals plenty protein is important for the
Mary Kastner: Because protein Brooks breaks
Mary Kastner: Down amino acids which break down to the neural chemicals that we use to stabilize our mood in the brain.
Mary Kastner: So this exercise. So it actually makes you feel better, actually.
XT1710-02: Supposed
Mary Kastner: To get yourself growing but
Mary Kastner: excuse myself.
XT1710-02: I will
XT1710-02: Yeah, I'll get into a routine. The thing is my spa was on the second floor of a note elevator building. I don't know how we didn't get soon, but whatever. So I would run up and down stairs all day long. And then I would
XT1710-02: run back and forth in the spa. So I never like had any issues with cardio like my cardio was taken care of.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
XT1710-02: So I just need to
Mary Kastner: Are you are you able to drive a car.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you seat belts. When you're in the car.
XT1710-02: Always. I'm a safe driver. Don't worry.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and no tobacco use.
XT1710-02: good days and bad days.
Mary Kastner: Baking or cigarettes.
XT1710-02: Cigarettes. See, I could never get it get addicted to cigarettes. So it's more like
XT1710-02: I need, I need something in my mouth. If I'm stressed out, but
XT1710-02: If I'm not. I don't think about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
So I
XT1710-02: Will like yesterday. I didn't smoke.
XT1710-02: The DJ, or I didn't smoke on Friday I smoked a ton.
Mary Kastner: What's that, how much is a ton.
XT1710-02: Probably like six or seven or maybe even 10
Mary Kastner: Okay.
XT1710-02: While this do so firing me. We took three smoke breaks
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: That's so sad. I'm so sorry.
Mary Kastner: So what's your relationship status right now you in a relationship.
XT1710-02: No.
Mary Kastner: Do you feel like you have a support system at all.
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay so physically. How you feeling today, any cold symptoms flu symptoms all your systems feeling like they're working
XT1710-02: Yeah, I'm a little sleepy because I didn't sleep well.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
XT1710-02: That's about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so again,
Mary Kastner: What my conclusion is here is
Mary Kastner: A little bit of impulse control disorder wins when triggered seems like only when triggered.
Mary Kastner: Which could well we could rule out
Mary Kastner: Just say Intermittent Explosive or question of bipolar to because of your family history or panic disorder. Those are all possibilities.
Mary Kastner: As as could be just a how you've come over time because of your upbringing in your stress in your life more of a personality issue, not a, a state disorder. And if that's the case, and mixed personality presentation. You said you had some phobias.
Mary Kastner: mailbox small places being confronted
Mary Kastner: Which can lead to increased anxiety or avoidance.
Mary Kastner: Also right now some grief complicated grief reaction would be another possible diagnosis. So I'm again. My thought is more of a mood stabilizer major tranquilizer type medication non addicting.
Mary Kastner: hopefully help you sleep, lower your
Mary Kastner: Anxiety sleep is paramount.
Mary Kastner: To making you feel better. Let me take a look at your labs, real quick.
Mary Kastner: I'm so glad that next person didn't come so that you and I had
XT1710-02: Are you sure that person is not stuck in the waiting room.
Mary Kastner: I keep looking. And there's nobody there.
Mary Kastner: So, believe me. I've been looking and I think it was somebody that I had hoped would show and I wasn't able to confirm the appointment.
Mary Kastner: I'm
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: I don't care.
Mary Kastner: Let me see. Maybe I do have it says pending.
Mary Kastner: Pending
XT1710-02: Oh my god. Do you know what do you know what's happening. Can I please share with you. Oh my god, I've now I need to smoke.
What happened.
XT1710-02: So my boss forgot very important thing that I have passwords to absolutely everything
XT1710-02: But I'm not opening anything but I get the notifications, right, whenever something goes on my phone, which my whole life was basically centered around the spot. My phone gives me all the updates and I'm watching my clients request cancellations right now.
When
Mary Kastner: I
XT1710-02: Watched Nikki come to her appointment today and then didn't want to be there apparently right after and as she after she paid maybe like 20 minutes later, while like so I last I checked, was when you and I started and it says that about 30 minutes ago. She wrote please cancel my membership.
Mary Kastner: So this is not reflecting well on his decision to get rid of you.
XT1710-02: See I'm torn. That's what I can see everything, but I'm not opening anything with their personal information like I have no desire to steal clients from
XT1710-02: I just can see the feed of what's going on, but I can't, like, I mean I can through this go into like click on their name and go into their personal information, but I'm not doing that. I'm not even opening their emails and just reading the feed notifications.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
XT1710-02: Oh my god. I'd like got chills. Do you see how impressionable. I am all of a sudden, I'm happy.
That
Mary Kastner: Yeah. So again, I think the
Mary Kastner: Mood stability is the issue.
Mary Kastner: And also, that's, that's kind of a normal reaction. Don't you think
XT1710-02: What that I'm happy now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that that he's getting some consequences.
XT1710-02: But he didn't. He, he was. He's not a he's not a bad guy. He just went about it wrong, and then pride got in the way.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's so you feel a little bit torn little bit ambivalent about
XT1710-02: I would do anything to help him. Uh, when he was when he was firing me. I was like, going around telling him where everything else is where everything is. And like his weekly shopping list and all this other shit.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, cuz he's a friend of yours.
XT1710-02: Yeah.
XT1710-02: The thing is, I think I was slightly in love with him.
XT1710-02: Like just tiny, teeny tiny
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
XT1710-02: And not in a romantic sense, it's so bizarre like I'm not physically attracted to him. But when when he's happy. My life is complete. I don't know what the hell that means.
XT1710-02: I've never liked a guy that much, but I've never also not been attracted to go to a guy this much. I don't know what the hell is wrong with me.
XT1710-02: So I just I he was so important to me.
XT1710-02: Whatever.
Mary Kastner: So I'm I'm adding in case you decide
Mary Kastner: To take this, the two dem adding a lipid panel and chemistry. I don't see that in your lab work.
Mary Kastner: So what I'll do is wait to hear from you.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Like I said, I'm leaving. So you'd have to let me know before Friday. What do you want me to order that the tutor.
Mary Kastner: And so then if you do get the lab work done.
Mary Kastner: So we have a baseline. And definitely, I'll see you in the mental health group on the ninth at seven.
XT1710-02: Okay, you have a wonderful
XT1710-02: Should have no be in touch.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. You have any questions for me.
Know,
Mary Kastner: If you want to get into some talk therapy with us individually call in and see if we can get that arranged that's of course treatment plan. Number one,
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And thank you for confiding in me.
XT1710-02: Oh, of course. Thank you for listening and you see like I all of a sudden, I'm hungry, I'm gonna go eat.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you have some mood issues.
Mary Kastner: Right, yeah. And again, they were triggered.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you take care
XT1710-02: Thanks. Bye.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm Gabrielle, I would give her a bipolar to diagnosis rule out
Mary Kastner: With number one and number two, I would say mix personality disorder.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and let's just leave it at that treatment plan is recommendation of lead to de start on the tutor.
Mary Kastner: And if so, to do some baseline labs and
Mary Kastner: wait to hear from her as to whether she wants to do that.
Mary Kastner: If so,
Mary Kastner: We would start her. I believe at 20 know we started at 40 milligrams a day no excuse me 20
Mary Kastner: And worker up from there, she would see me again in mental health group on the night, any questions, let me know. Thank you very much. And that's been for my patients today.